Lee County Elections, FL | Official Website
Skip to Main Content
Important Notice
Election Day is Tomorrow!
Read More...
Search
Active Registered Voters:
Democrats:
Republicans:
Other:
Total:
Back to Home
Register to Vote
Vote By Mail
Update My Voter Record
Where Do I Vote
Check My Voter Record
Campaign Reports
Campaign Finance Reports
Candidate and Committee Login
Search Campaign Finance Reports
Candidates
Candidate Lists
Candidate Online Packets
County Commission
County Court Judge
Federal, State, and District Level Offices
Multi-County Special District Offices
Municipal Candidates
School Board
Special District
Candidate Resources
Municipality Information
Committees and Parties
Committee and Party Resources
Committee Lists
Precinct Committeemen and Committeewomen
Community Education Services
Calendar of Events
College Students
Join Our Team
Serving Lee County Students
Serving People With Disabilities
Serving the Community
Student Resources
What We Do
Who We Are
Current Election Statistics
District Maps
Early Voting Information
Early Voting Dates and Locations
Early Voting Locations Map
Early Voting Wait Times
Elected Officials
Election Information
Access to Ballot Materials
Election Dates and Deadlines
August 18, 2026
November 3, 2026
Lee County Elections Facts
Election Security Facts
Vote-by-Mail Ballot Voter's Certificate Facts
Municipal Elections Schedule
Offices to Be Elected
Precincts and Polling Places
Proposed Ballot Measures
Sample Ballots
Voting ID Requirements
What's on My Ballot?
Election Results
Financial Disclosure Statements
Links to Other Sites
Meet the Supervisor
Supervisor Persons-Mulicka
Message from the Supervisor
Military and Overseas Voters
How Do I Register to Vote?
Request a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Newsroom
Archived Press Releases
Media
Newsletter
Social Media Public Comment Policy
Notices and Mailings
Canvassing Board
Petition Signature Notice
Potentially Ineligible Voters
Public Notices
Recent Mailings
Poll Worker Information
Become a Poll Worker
Poll Worker Training
Provisional Ballot Information
Check My Provisional Ballot Status
Provisional Ballot Signature Cures
Public Records Request
Vote-by-Mail
Check My Vote-by-Mail Status
Request a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Track My Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Vote-by-Mail Ballot Drop-off Locations
Vote-by-Mail Ballot Signatures
Vote-by-Mail Count Reporting Tally
Vote-by-Mail Information
Checking Your Vote-by-Mail Status
Picking up a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Requesting a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Returning a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Vote-by-Mail Ballot Certificate Envelope
Vote-by-Mail Video Tour
Voter Resources
Check My Voter Registration Status
How Do I Register to Vote?
Minority Language Requirements
Protected Information and Addresses
Reply to a Notice
Restoration of Voting Rights
Third Party Voter Registration
Update My Voter Registration Information
Voter's Guide
Voting System Security
Network Cyber Security
Voting System
Important Information
Election Day is Tomorrow!
Polls will be open from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. You MUST be in line by 7 p.m. to cast your ballot.
Determine your polling location or view a sample of your specific ballot.
Identification Required for Voting
Florida law requires voters to present a valid photo and signature identification before voting. Photo identification must not be expired.
Approved forms of identification.
Vote-by-Mail Ballots
Vote-by-Mail ballots may be returned to any Supervisor of Elections office during regular business hours, or until 7:00 pm on Election Day.
Office Locations
You may NOT return your Vote-by-Mail ballot to your polling place on Election Day. However, you MAY surrender your ballot and vote in person.
Current Election Statistics
View a breakdown of ballots cast for an upcoming election.
On election night, Tuesday, August 18, we will release and post preliminary, unofficial local election results shortly after 7:00 p.m. The 1st unofficial results, 2nd unofficial results (only for recounts), and official results will be compiled on the dates designated by the Canvassing Board Meetings and Logic and Accuracy Testing Schedule.
Countdown to the Primary
The first election of the season is the August 18 Primary Election. In our new video series, "Countdown to the Primary,"
Supervisor Persons-Mulicka shares important information
to get you election-ready.
As a nod to Election Day, new videos within the series will be posted on Tuesdays!
Countdown to the Primary Video Series
Congressional Redistricting
In 2026, the Florida Legislature passed House Bill 1D, which establishes new or revised congressional districts in several counties across the state. While Lee County’s voters remain in either Congressional District 17 or 19, your congressional district may have changed from 17 to 19 or vice versa under the new legislative map. Some voters will not experience a change in their congressional district.
View your personalized voting information, including your Congressional District, here.
Vote-by-Mail Request Renewal Required
The deadline to request a Vote-by-Mail ballot for the August 18, 2026, Primary Election was 5:00 pm, August 6.
Under Florida law, all previous Vote-by-Mail requests have expired. You must
submit a new request
to vote by mail in the 2026 election cycle.
Florida is a Closed Primary State
The deadline to register to vote or change your party affiliation for the August 18, 2026,
Primary Election was Monday, July 20.
When registering to vote or changing your party affiliation, it is important to know that Florida is a closed primary state. This means that, in a Primary Election, voters not registered with a major political party may not have any candidates to vote for. However, they can vote on non-partisan candidates or issues that may appear on their ballot.
Voters wishing to register to vote or change their party affiliation for a Primary Election must do so 29 days before that election.
For more information on changing your political party affiliation for future elections,
visit our Voter Registration Information page
.
Updating your Florida Driver's License or ID Card Number
Have you recently updated or been issued a new Florida driver's license or ID card? Due to changes implemented to the numbering system
by the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles (DHSMV)
, your new driver's license or identification card number may be different from the one on your voter registration record. I
t’s important to update your voter registration information with your new number. This identification number helps us verify your identity when processing your request for a vote-by-mail ballot or an address change.
To update your voter registration with your new Florida driver’s license or ID card number, you may:
Call us at (239) LEE-VOTE (533-8683)
Visit
RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov
to update your record.
Complete and submit a Florida Voter Registration Application
Florida Voter Registration Application (English PDF)
Florida Voter Registration Application (Spanish PDF)
Update your registration when you update your driver’s license or ID card at the DMV.
Subscribe to our Newsletter
You can keep up with everything happening at Lee County Elections
by reading our Quarterly Newsletter
.
Be sure to
subscribe to our newsletter
so you don't miss anything!
Online Service Tools
If you need assistance, you have the option to use our online service tools, which are available on this site and do not require an in-person visit to our office. On this site, you can
register to vote
,
update your voter registration record
, make or update a
Vote-by-Mail ballot request
, or
contact us
.
Please call the office at (239) LEE-VOTE (533-8683) if you require information that is not available on this site or if you need assistance using one of our online service tools.
Follow Us
Click to edit...
Click to edit...
Click to edit...
Click to edit...
Upcoming Elections
2026 Elections
Notice of General Election
(English PDF)
Notice of General Election
(Spanish PDF)
Tuesday, August 18, 2026
Primary Election
City of Cape Coral Primary Election
City of Cape Coral Charter Amendments
City of Bonita Springs Bond Referendum
Tuesday, November 3, 2026
General Election
City of Bonita Springs Regular Election
City of Cape Coral General Election
City of Fort Myers General Election
Town of Fort Myers Beach Regular Election
Current Press Releases
Lee County Supervisor Elections reminds voters Election Day is tomorrow
Read on...
Lee County Supervisor of Elections begins mailing 2026 primary election sample ballots
Read on...
Dr. Carrie D. Robinson Center returns as early voting site and Election Day polling location
Read on...
/CivicAlerts.aspx
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 2545, Fort Myers, FL 33902-2545
Phone (all offices):
239-533-8683
Hours (all offices): M - F, 8:30 am - 5:00 pm
Email:
[email protected]
Main Office
Melvin Morgan Constitutional Complex
2480 Thompson St, 3rd Floor
Fort Myers, FL 33901
Branch Offices
Bonita Springs
at Bonita Commons
25987 S Tamiami Trail, #105
Bonita Springs, FL 34134
Cape Coral
Commissioner John E. Manning
Government Complex
1039 SE 9th Ave
Cape Coral, FL 33990
Lee County Elections Center
South Fort Myers Branch Office
13180 S Cleveland Ave
Fort Myers, FL 33907
Lehigh Acres
East Lee County
Government Center
600 Homestead Rd S, #9
Lehigh Acres, FL 33974
Under Florida law, s. 668.6076, F.S., e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
