Uniformed & Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA) | Citrus County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
Search
Active Registered Voters:
Democrats:
Republicans:
Other:
Total:
Register to Vote
Address Change Request
Request a Vote by Mail
Early Voting
Where Do I Vote?
My Registration Status
Contact Us
Home
Meet the Supervisor
BallotTrax
Vote by Mail
Request a Vote by Mail Ballot
Vote-by-Mail - Ballot Drop-off Locations
Vote by Mail Information
Vote by Mail Ballot Status Lookup
Affidavit to Pick-up Vote-by-Mail Ballot for a Voter (PDF)
Election Day Vote-by-Mail Ballot Delivery Affidavit (PDF)
Voting as a College Student
Vote by Mail Ballot Cure Affidavit
Early Voting
2026 Early Voting Sites & Schedule
Provisional Ballot Cure (PDF)
Candidates and Political Committees
2026 Offices Up for Election
Financial Reports
Political Committees
Political Party Executive Committees (PDF)
2026 Campaign Financial Reporting Dates - Executive Committees (PDF)
2026 Campaign Financial Reporting Dates - Political Committees (PDF)
Search Candidate Financial Report
Candidates' Login for Financial Reporting
2026 Campaign Financial Reporting Dates - Candidates (PDF)
Candidate File Download
2026 How to Become a Candidate (PDF)
2026 Candidate Dates to Remember (PDF)
Candidate Forms & Publications
Campaign Sign Regulations (PDF)
Qualifying Office Location
Poll Watchers
Candidates for City Offices (City Clerks)
State Candidates & Financial Reports
Candidate & Campaign Treasurer Handbook (State)
2026 Candidate Guide (PDF)
Candidate Publications
2026 Candidate Qualifying Fees (PDF)
2026 Candidate Workshop Presentation (PDF)
Current Office Holders
Florida Guidance on Candidate Name‑Change Restrictions
Custodian of Public Records
Contact Us
Division of Elections
Election Information
Election Results 1992 to 2026
Election Results 1960 to 1991
Post Election Audits
Sample Ballots
Election Preparation Reports
Election Preparation Report - 2026
Election Preparation Report - 2025
Election Preparation Report - 2024
Election Preparation Report - 2022
Election Preparation Report - 2020
Historical Election Documents
Poll Workers
Poll Worker Information
Poll Worker Application
Initiative Petitions
Initiative Petitions Monthly Reports
Legal & Public Notices
2026 General Election
2026 Primary Election
Maps
Military / Overseas Citizens
Request a Vote by Mail Ballot
Electronic Transmission of Vote by Mail Ballot
Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB) (Mail Ballot)
Late Registration
Uniformed & Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA)
Newsletter
Voter Education
Florida Secretary of State & Citrus County SOE
Florida's Uniformed Ballot Structure Video
How to Be an Informed Voter (PDF)
Kids Links
Voter Outreach & Education
Vote in Honor of a Vet
Voter Guide
Citrus County Voter Guide - English (PDF)
Citrus County Voter Guide - Spanish (PDF)
Voter Information
Cancellation of Voter Registration Form (PDF)
Change of Address Within Citrus County
Current Office Holders
Elected Officials & Polling Location Guide - English (PDF)
Guía de Funcionarios Electos y Lugar de Votación - Español (PDF)
Exemption from Public Records (PDF)
Florida Supervisor of Elections Contacts
Guide for Florida Voters - Judicial Information
How to Vote
List of Political Parties
Precinct Finder
Precinct Locations
Provisional Ballot Status
Provisional Ballot Cure Affidavit
Restoration of Civil Rights
Third Party Registration
Voter Reg Agencies - To pick up Voter Application
Voter Registration Application - English (PDF)
Solicitud de Registro Electoral - Español (PDF)
Voter Registration Monthly Totals by Month & Year
Voter Rights & Responsibilities
Voter Search
Citrus County Population (PDF)
Cyber Security - Securing Elections in Citrus County
Register to Vote
How to Register to Vote
Where to Register to Vote
Online Voter Registration (OVR) Application
Paper Voter Registration Application - English (PDF)
Paper Voter Registration Application - Spanish (PDF)
Restoration of Civil Rights
To Change Address within Citrus County
Where to Send Your Voter Registration Form
Check your Voter Registration Status
Voter Lookup Form
Websites & Emails
Home
Military / Overseas Citizens
Uniformed & Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA)
Uniformed & Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA)
List of Military & Overseas Citizens Who Fall Under the UOCAVA Designation
Members of the United States Uniformed Services on active duty, their spouses, and dependents.
Merchant Marine, their spouses, and dependents.
United States citizens residing outside of the United States.
Military and Overseas ballots shall be mailed no later than 45 days prior to election day
Registering To Vote
Register to vote by:
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
. You may obtain this form from the
Federal Voting Assistance Program website
or from a Voting Assistance Officer (VAO).
Florida registration form
. You may obtain the
Florida Voter Registration Application in English (PDF)
or the
Florida Voter Registration Application in Spanish (PDF)
, or complete it online by visiting the
Florida Online Voter Registration System
. Be sure to notate your military status on the form.
Voting by Absentee Ballot (Vote by Mail)
You
must
be a qualified registered voter to be eligible to receive a mail ballot.
How to Apply for an Absentee (Vote by Mail) Ballot?
It is recommended that you use the Federal Post Card Application form (FPCA) to apply for your vote-by-mail ballot. For information on how to obtain and fill out your FPCA, consult the
Federal Voting Assistance Program website
. Vote-by-mail requests received from the FPCA are good for one federal election cycle.
Additionally, you may utilize our website to request your vote-by-mail ballot using our
online Vote by Mail request form
. You will find the form by accessing the
Vote by Mail
button on our website, or
contact the elections office
by phone, fax, or email.
Important Note
: In order to receive your vote-by-mail ballot in a timely manner, we recommend you contact the elections office annually to confirm we have your current mailing address. To update your mailing address, you may
contact the elections office
by phone, email, fax, or in writing.
Casting Your Vote By Vote by Mail Ballot
Ballot Return Deadline
: A voted ballot must arrive by 7 pm on Election Day.
If you are voting from outside the U.S., the Federal portion of your general election or presidential preference primary ballot will be counted if voted by the day of the election and received within 10 days following the election. There is a presumption that the ballot was mailed on the date stated on the outside of the return envelope, regardless of the absence of a postmark or the existence of a postmark date that is later than Election Day.
Contact Us
The Main Office of the Supervisor of Elections Moved to Crystal River
Maureen 'Mo' Baird, Supervisor of Elections
Physical Location: 1500 N. Meadowcrest Blvd Crystal River, FL 34429
Mailing Address: PO Box 1870 Lecanto, FL  34460-1870
Phone:
352-564-7120
Long Distance:
800-655-6645
Fax: 352-564-7121
Email:
Contact Us
Hours: Monday to Friday, 8 am to 5 pm
Quick Links
Official Government Website
Accessibility Statement
Voters Requiring Assistance
Voters Needing Language Assistance
/QuickLinks.aspx
Custodian of Public Records
Maureen Baird
Supervisor of Elections
PO Box 1870
Lecanto, Florida 34460
Public record requests, please mail, email us or call
352-564-7120
(F.S. 668.6076) Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
