Putnam County, Florida - Supervisor of Elections
Skip to main content
2509 Crill Ave, Suite 900, Palatka, FL 32177
386-329-0224
English
Reset
English
Afrikaans
Albanian
Arabic
Armenian
Azerbaijani
Basque
Belarusian
Bengali
Bosnian
Bulgarian
Catalan
Cebuano
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Esperanto
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
Galician
Georgian
German
Greek
Gujarati
Haitian Creole
Hausa
Hebrew
Hindi
Hmong
Hungarian
Icelandic
Igbo
Indonesian
Irish
Italian
Japanese
Javanese
Kannada
Khmer
Korean
Lao
Latin
Latvian
Lithuanian
Macedonian
Malay
Maltese
Maori
Marathi
Mongolian
Nepali
Norwegian
Persian
Polish
Portuguese
Punjabi
Romanian
Russian
Serbian
Slovak
Slovenian
Somali
Spanish
Swahili
Swedish
Tamil
Telugu
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Vietnamese
Welsh
Yiddish
Yoruba
Zulu
Facebook
Search
Home
Voter Information
Register To Vote
Update My Information
My Voter Status
Civil Rights Restoration / Amendment 4
Protected Address
Provisional Ballot
Registration Deadline
Voter Rights & Responsibilities
Sample Ballot
Vote-By-Mail
Check My Vote-By-Mail Ballot Status
Domestic Civilian Vote-By-Mail
Military & Overseas Voting
Request A Vote-By-Mail Ballot
Election Information
Upcoming Election Dates
Offices up for Election in 2026
Canvassing Board Information
Closed Primary Elections
Early Voting Locations
Election Myths Vs Facts
Election Results
Election Workers
Adopt A Precinct
Election Worker Application
FAQs
Initiative Petitions And Constitutional Amendments
Precinct Finder
Precincts And Polling Locations
2026 Notice of General Election_English
2026 Notice of General Election_Spanish
Election Preparation Reports
TurnOut Quick View
Candidates & Committees
2026 Candidate Contact List
2026 Qualifications and Fees
Candidates Profiles & Financial Reports
Candidate Forms & Publications
Candidate Reporting Dates
Financial Reporting Login
How To Become A Candidate
FAQ- Candidates
FAQ- Campaign Finance
FAQ- Campaign Advertising
Committees
Becoming A Committee
Reporting Dates
View Political Committee Financial Reports
What Is A Committee?
Current State And Federal Candidates
Petitions
Candidate Petitions
Initiative Petitions
Political Campaign Signs
Public Inspection of ballots/vote-by-mail ballots
Search Financial Reports
Petitions
Candidate Petitions
Initiative Petitions
Elected Officials
Federal
State
County
Municipal
Resources
Constitutional Amendments
District Map
Election Fraud
Elections Glossary
Florida Division Of Elections
Florida Election Code
How To Mark A Ballot
ID Required
Local Political Parties
Public Records Requests
Third Party Voter Registration
Voting Equipment
What To Expect At The Polls
About
Meet Supervisor of Elections Charles Overturf
Elections Office Staff
Community Outreach
FSE Scholarship Program
FY 24-25 Proposed Budget
Vote In Honor Of A Veteran
Search
Active Registered Voters:
7/22/25
Democrats:
11,692
Republicans:
26,272
Others:
9,262
Total:
47,226
Related Pages
Check My Vote-By-Mail Ballot Status
Domestic Civilian Vote-By-Mail
Military & Overseas Voting
Request A Vote-By-Mail Ballot
Resources
Federal Voting Assistance Program (FVAP)
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB)
Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA)
Florida Division of Elections - Department of State
Military & Overseas Voting
Home
Voter Information
Vote-By-Mail
Military & Overseas Voting
All active duty United States uniformed service members, Merchant Marine members, spouses or dependents thereof, or United States citizens residing outside of the United States can request a Vote-by-Mail ballot using the Federal Post Card Application (FPCA). You can obtain an FPCA from any Voting Assistance Officer or through the Internet at
www.fvap.gov
.  You can also call or request by mail, fax, or email your Supervisor of Elections that Vote by Mail be sent to you.  Your request will be good for all elections through the end of the calendar year for the second ensuing regularly scheduled general election.
Vote-by-Mail ballots are mailed to military and overseas citizens no later than forty-five (45) days before each election.  If you are an active duty uniformed service member, a Merchant Marine member, absent stateside or overseas from your place of residence, including a spouse or dependent thereof (who is also absent due to the member’s absence), or a United States citizen residing overseas, you can ask that your Vote-by-Mail ballot either be faxed or e-mailed to you, in lieu of receiving it by regular mail.  If you choose to include an e-mail address with your Vote-by-Mail request, the Supervisor will notify you by e-mail that your request has been received.  The Supervisor will also provide you with the estimated time the ballot will be sent to you and let you know when your ballot has been received.
As of July 2010, any voter who has requested a Vote-by-Mail ballot can track online the status of their ballot.  You can either link through the Division of Elections’
Check your Voter Status webpage
or through our website's
Track Your Ballot
feature.
FEDERAL WRITE-IN BALLOT
With the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act for FY2005 in October 2004, the Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB) may now be used by all absent Uniformed Service voters both inside and outside the United States, as well as United States citizens residing overseas.  This broadens the use of FWAB, as military voters were previously not allowed to use it when residing inside the country but outside their voting jurisdiction.
The Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot is basically a back-up or emergency ballot used for the general election in the event that the voter does not receive their requested regular absentee ballot in time for it to be voted and returned to the local election official to be counted.
The second change to the FWAB in the recent law concerns the absentee request deadline.  Previously, the UOCAVA voter had to have requested an absentee ballot at least thirty (30) days prior to the election.  Now, the request must be received at least thirty (30) days before the general election or before the deadline established by the state, whichever is later.
It is vitally important for voters to request absentee ballots as early as possible, the beginning of each year is advisable.  Equally important is to keep the local election official's office apprised of any address changes once a request is made.  Absentee ballots that are Returned Undeliverable to the elections office because of a bad address automatically cancel the voter's absentee request, and the voter must make a new request providing the correct address.
STATE WRITE-IN BALLOT
No earlier than one hundred eighty (180) days before a general election, an overseas voter may request a state write-in absentee ballot.  In the request the voter must indicate that due to military or other contingencies that preclude normal mail delivery, the voter cannot vote a regular absentee ballot during the normal voting period. The ballot will contain only the races, and the voter must fill in the names of candidates or write in the name of a political party, in which case all candidates of that party will be counted if they are in fact on the ballot.
LATE REGISTRATION
An individual, or accompanying family member, who has been discharged or separated from the uniformed services or merchant marine, or from employment outside the United States after the book closing for an election, and who is otherwise qualified, may register to vote in such election at the Supervisor of Elections office until 5:00 p. m. on the Friday before the election.  This also applies to an individual or accompanying family member who has returned from a military deployment or activation.  Such persons must produce sufficient documentation showing evidence of qualifying for the late registration pursuant to Section 97.0555 Florida Statutes.
PUBLIC RECORDS EXEMPTION
Pursuant to Section 119.071 (5) Florida Statutes current or former service members of the United States Armed Forces, Reserve Forces or National Guard who served after September 11, 2001, including their spouses and children, are eligible to request exemption from public records requirements. To request the exemption, please visit the
Department of State/Division of Elections Website
and select form DOS-119 for the Military Request for Exemption of Voter Registration Record. Please return or mail the completed form to:  Putnam County Supervisor of Elections, 2509 Crill Ave., Suite 900, Palatka, FL 32177.
IMPORTANT:
This request for exemption from public records requirements applies ONLY to your records in the Florida Voter Registration System and does not protect your information from disclosure in other countywide or statewide databases.
qualifying office
2509 Crill Ave, Suite 900
Palatka, FL 32177
Resources
Contact Us
Elected Officials
How To Become A Candidate
FAQs
Election Myths Vs Facts
Supervisor of Elections
Charles L. Overturf III
Elected Officials
Elected Officials
Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity
Facebook
Powered by
revize.,
government website experts
Login
©Putnam County, FL, Supervisor of Elections,  All Rights Reserved.
Share this page
Close
