Register to Vote | Nassau County - Supervisor of Elections
An official government website.
Here's how you know ➞
Meet Janet
Committees
Community
Forms
News
Notices
Accessibility Policy
Canvassing Board
Election Advertisements
Election Audit Results
Employment Application
Potential Ineligible Voters
Privacy Policy
Public Records Fee Schedule
Contact
×
— A Public Off
ice is a Public Trust —
Voters
Accessible Ballot
Check My Provisional Ballot Status
Check My Voter & Ballot Status
Elected Officials
Maps & Districts
Military & Overseas Voters
Precinct Wait Times
Register to Vote
Report Fraud
Rights & Responsibilities
Sign Up for Ballot Notifications
Update My Voter Information
Voter Guides
Voter Registration Agencies
Where Do I Vote?
Candidates
Announced Candidates and Committees
Candidate Dashboard
Candidate FAQs
Forms & Publications
Offices Up for Election
Request to Review Ballot Materials
Elections
Constitutional Amendments
Early Voting
Election Day
Election Night Results
Election Security
Election Workers
Initiative Petitions
Political Parties
Sample Ballot
Secure Ballot Intake Stations (Drop Boxes)
Upcoming Elections
Vote By Mail
Vote By Mail Request Form
Vote by Mail Counts
Voter Turnout
Research
Common Violations
Division of Elections Advisory Opinions
Election Data Archives
Election Laws
Florida Constitution
Voting Equipment
Register to Vote
Register to Vote
Home
/
Voters
/
Register to Vote
Online
Register Online
In Person
Register In Person
By Mail
Register by Mail
Registration Deadlines
Voter registration closes 29 days prior to an election, so you must
register 29 days or more before any election
in which you wish to vote.
Online Voter Registration
If you are not currently registered to vote in Florida, you may register to vote online using the
Online Voter Registration System
.
NOTE:
If you do not possess a current Florida Driver’s License or Florida Identification Card, you may complete the application online, but must then print, sign, and return it to the
Supervisor of Elections office.
If you’re not sure of your status, you can check your
Voter Registration Status
.
In Person Voter Registration
You can register at the Supervisor of Elections office at 96135 Nassau Place, Yulee, or at any
Voter Registration Agency
.
By Mail Voter Registration
Complete and sign a
Florida Voter Registration Application
. Mail or deliver your completed application to:
Nassau County Supervisor of Elections
96135 Nassau Place, Suite 3
Yulee, Florida 32097
Alternatively, you can call or e-mail us and we’ll mail you a form.
IDENTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS
:  New applicants must provide a current and valid Florida driver's license number or Florida identification card.  If you do not have a Florida driver's license number or Florida identification card, then you must provide the last four digits of your Social Security Number.  If you do not have any of these numbers, check "None."  If you leave the field and box blank, your new registration may be denied (FS 97.053(6)
SPECIAL ID REQUIREMENTS:
If you are registering by mail, have never voted in Florida,
and
have never been issued a Florida Driver’s License, Florida ID, or a Social Security number, you are required to provide additional identification with your completed registration form or at a later time before you vote. You may provide a copy of one of the following photo identifications (ID) that includes your name and picture:
U.S. Passport
Debit/Credit Card
Military ID
Student ID
Retirement Center ID
Neighborhood Association ID
Public Assistance ID
Concealed Weapon License
VA Card
Government Employee ID: Federal, State, County or City
Or, you may provide a copy of one of the following documents that contains your name and current residence address:
Utility Bill
Bank Statement
Government Check
Pay Check
Other Government Document
(excluding a voter ID card)
Or, if you are one of the following, you may not need to provide ID. Please contact your Supervisor of Elections for additional information. These exemptions are:
Persons 65 years of age or older
Persons with a temporary or permanent physical disability
Members of the active uniformed service or merchant marine who, by reason of such active duty, are absent from the county
Spouse or dependent of an active uniformed service member or merchant marine who, by reason of the active duty or service of the member, is absent from the county
Persons currently residing outside the U.S. who are eligible to vote in Florida
Restoration of Voting Rights
In the 2018 General Election, Florida voters passed an
amendment to the Florida Constitution
that restores voting rights of Floridians with felony convictions after they complete all terms of their sentence including parole or probation, and payment of fines and fees.
The amendment did not apply to those convicted of murder or sexual offenses, who would continue to be permanently barred from voting unless the Governor and Cabinet voted to restore their voting rights on a case-by-case basis.
If you are convicted of a felony, you lose the right to vote in Florida.
If you were convicted of murder or a felony sexual offense, your right to vote can only be restored by clemency. Clemency allows felons to ask for relief from punishment and seek restoration of their civil rights, including the right to vote. The power to grant clemency is vested in the Governor and Cabinet.
For information about clemency, visit the website of the
Florida Commission on Offender Review
.
The right to vote for all other felons is restored once you have completed all terms of your sentence, and you can register to vote. For more information about voting rights restoration, visit the
Florida Division of Elections
.
It is your responsibility to verify that you have fulfilled your court-ordered sentencing obligations before registering to vote.
Division of Elections - Fines & Fees Information
Complete the
Eligibility Advisory Opinion Request Form
.
Phone:  850-245-6200
Fax:       850-245-6217
Email:
[email protected]
Mail:      Room 316, R.A. Gray Building
500 S. Bronough Street
Tallahassee, FL  32399-0250
Nassau County Clerk of the Circuit Court & Comptroller
www.Nassauclerk.com
Phone:  904-548-4600
Submit a public records request for records related to your sentencing terms.  When you submit the request, state that it is for voter eligibility requirements.
Contact the county where sentencing occurred and visit Florida Court Clerk & Comptrollers' website for other Florida counties.
Florida Department of Corrections
www.dc.state.fl.us/
Phone:  850-488-5021
Florida Commission on Offender Review, Office of Executive Clemency
www.fcor.state.fl.us//
Phone:  800-435-8286
Fax:       850-488-0695
Mail:     4070 Esplanade Way
Tallahassee, FL  32399-2450
Official Election Mail will contain the following symbol.
Address
James S. Page Governmental Complex
96135 Nassau Place, Suite 3
Yulee, FL 32097
Contact
Hours:
8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday
Phone:
904-491-7500
Toll Free:
1-866-260-4301
Fax:
904-432-1400
Email:
[email protected]
Social
Under Florida law, email addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Service
|
Cookie Policy
Official websites use .gov
A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A lock () or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
Share by:
