Election Day Voting | Palm Beach County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
Election Information
Election Day for the 2026 Primary Election is August 18th. Polls are Open 7 am - 7 pm.
Read On...
Voters
Candidates
Elections
Get Involved
Records & Resources
Search
Find Your Precinct
Home
Voters
Ways to Vote
Election Day Voting
Election Day Voting
Many voters choose to cast their vote on Election Day.
On Election Day,
you must vote at the polling place that is assigned to your precinct
, and your ballot will be there waiting for you.
How to Find an Election Day Polling Place
You can find your assigned precinct number and polling place address either on your Voter Information Card, sample ballot, by calling the Supervisor of Elections office at (561) 656-6200, or by
visiting the Precinct Finder page
.
On Election Day, polls are open from 7:00 am until 7:00 pm.
What to Bring to the Voting Site
Please bring one or two forms of valid and current identification (ID) that include your signature and photo. If your photo ID does not include your signature, you will be asked to provide another ID that has your signature.
Note:
If you do not bring your ID, you may still vote; however, you will be required to vote a provisional ballot, which will later be evaluated by the Canvassing Board for eligibility.
Acceptable Forms of Photo ID
Florida Driver's License
Florida ID Card (issued by DHSMV)
U.S. Passport
Debit or Credit Card
Military ID
Student ID
Retirement Center ID
Neighborhood Association ID
Public Assistance ID
Veteran Health ID (issued by the US Department of Veterans Affairs)
Concealed Weapon License (issued pursuant to F.S. 790.06)
Employee ID card issued by any branch, department, agency, or entity of the Federal Government, the state, a county, or a municipality.
What to Expect When You Arrive at the Polls
If you choose to cast your ballot at the polls on Election Day, you will be greeted by an Election Worker who will recommend that you have your photo and signature identification ready to present at check-in.
If you received a Vote-by-Mail ballot but have decided to vote in person instead, your Vote-by-Mail ballot will be cancelled, and you will be issued a regular ballot.
At check-in, an Election Worker will smile and promptly welcome you.
Then, the Election Worker will ask to see your acceptable form of identification.
Once your information is confirmed, the Election Worker will provide you with a printed ticket for you to present to the Ballot Inspector, who will verify the precinct and party on the printed ticket to select your ballot from the proper stack.
You will then receive your paper ballot and proceed to a privacy booth or the ExpressVote unit. Learn more about the
ExpressVote Program
.
Using the black pen provided in the booth, fill in the oval adjacent to each of your selections of your choice. The ballot may have two sides and or multiple pages. Please check both sides of your ballot. A voter using the ExpressVote unit will make their selection via touchpad or touchscreen.
Review your selections.
Take your ballot in the secrecy sleeve provided to the DS200 Precinct Scanner.
If you have any questions, ask an Election Worker
before
you insert the ballot in the scanner. Once the ballot has been accepted, it cannot be retrieved.
Insert your ballot into the DS200 Precinct Scanner.
The scanner will record your vote, and your ballot will be stored in the locked ballot box.
Our Election Workers are training to assist you and guide you through the process. If you are interested in learning more about a great opportunity to serve your community, earn money, and be involved in the democratic process, please visit our
Election Worker page
for more information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, please contact our office directly.
General Inquiries:
Email Our Office
(561) 656-6200
Register to Vote
Voter Dashboard
Upcoming Elections
Election Worker Dashboard
Vote-By-Mail
Flyers & Publications
Contact Us
Main Office
4301 Cherry Road, West Palm Beach, FL 33409
Mailing Address
P.O. Box 22309, West Palm Beach, FL 33416
Phone
:
(561) 656-6200
|
Fax
: (561) 656-6287
Hours
: Monday through Friday: 8:30 am to 5:00 pm
See All Locations
Popular Links
Election Results
Programs & Initiatives
Public Records Request
Voting Districts
Your Elections Office
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
PLEASE NOTE:
Under Florida law, email addresses are public records. If you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing. Florida Statute 668.6076.
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
