Update Your Registration
Skip to content
Sample ballots for the 2026 General Election are now available!
View your sample ballot today to see the candidates and races that will appear on your actual ballot.
Dismiss
Leon County
Supervisor
of Elections
Menu
Official government website
An Official Government Website
Official Websites Use .gov
A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use https
A lock or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Only share sensitive information on official, secure websites.
Official Mail
Official Election Mail will always contain this symbol.
Okay!
How do I?
Home
Voting
Accessible Voting
Accessible voting for persons with disabilities
Dates & Deadlines
Dates and deadlines for upcoming elections
Early Voting
Multi-day voting before Election Day
Early Voting Locations Map
Election Day
Vote at your neighborhood polling place
Provisional Ballots
Fail-safe voting option
Provisional Ballot Status
Vote-by-Mail
How to request and vote by mail
Secure Ballot Intake Stations
Military and Overseas Voting
Online Vote-by-Mail Request
Voter ID
Bring valid ID when voting
Election Integrity
Why you can trust Florida elections
Election Ready
Resources and information for the General Election
General Election Ballot Questions
Canvassing Board
Information about the Election Board
Registration
Check Your Info
Registration status and other info
Military and Overseas Voters
Registration options for military and overseas voters
Register to Vote
First time voter registration
Student Voters
Resources for students
Third Party Voter Registration Organizations
Outside groups that register voters
Update Your Registration
How and when to update your info
Voting Rights Restoration
Felony convictions and Amendment 4
Voter Information Card
What's on your voter information card
Election Law Changes
How new election laws will affect voters
Election Ready
Resources and information for the General Election
Candidates
Campaign Finance
Campaign contributions and expenses
Candidate Log in
Campaign Signs
Sign placement and removal
Candidates
Information for and about candidates
Candidate List
Election Information for Candidates
Offices Up for Election
Citizen Initiative Petitions
Gather signatures on citizen initiative petitions
Leon County Initiatives
Tallahassee Initiatives
Elected Officials
List of elected officials serving Leon County
Financial Disclosures
File and view financial reports
Political Groups
Political parties and committees
Poll Watchers
How to become an observer
Records
Audits
Learn about post-election audits
Election Results
View results for past elections
Maps
Maps for districts and precincts
Monthly Reports
Voter registration, precinct, and petition reports
Public Records Request
Request copies of election records
Public Records Request Policy
Sample Ballots
See who is on your ballot
Sample Ballot By Address
Employment
Election Workers
Sign up to be a poll worker
Seasonal and Full Time Employment
Apply to work for the Elections Office
Your Elections Office
About the Office
Our Mission and Contact information
Canvassing Board
Information about the Election Board
Community Outreach
Request a speaker or voter registration table
Election Integrity
Why you can trust Florida elections
Meet the Supervisor
Biography of Supervisor Mark S. Earley
News and Notices
Press releases and public notices
Search
Search
Registration
/
Update Your Registration
Leon County Supervisor of Elections
Update Your Voter Registration
This page contains information on how you can update your Florida voter registration record.
If you are not registered in Florida, visit our
Register to Vote page
for information on how to register for the first time.
How Can I Update my Info?
You can use any of these options to update your voter registration record.
Online
You can update your registration at
RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov
,
Florida's online voter registration system. You will need your Florida driver’s license or ID card, and the last four digits of your Social Security number to update your registration completely online. If you do not have a Florida driver’s license or ID card, you can use the system to generate a paper voter registration application. You can then print and mail the paper application.
Register to Vote Online
Mail
You can update your registration through the mail by completing a
Florida Voter Registration Application - PDF
and mailing it to us at P.O. Box 7357, Tallahassee, FL 32314.
If you don't have a printer, call us at (850) 606-8683 and we will mail you an application.
Applying for Driver's License or ID Card
You can update your registration when you update your driver’s license or ID card at the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles or the Leon County Tax Collector’s Office. For further information about driver's licenses, and ID cards, please visit the
Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles website.
When you update your driver’s license/ID card or receive a card with a new ID number, it is important that you also update your voter registration information. This will ensure that your voter registration record includes the new ID number. You can update your voter registration and add the new number using any of these methods:
Visit
RegistertoVoteFlorida.gov
Complete a
paper voter registration application - PDF
Call us at
850-606-8683
In Person
You can update your registration in person at our office or at any of the other government offices listed below:
Leon County Supervisor of Elections Office
Leon County Tax Collector Offices
Public Libraries
Division of Blind Services
Ability 1st Center for Independent Living
FAMU CeDAR
FSU Office of Accessibility Services
TSC Student Accessibility Services
Armed Forces Recruitment Offices
Deadline to Update my Registration
You can update your existing Florida voter registration record at any time. However, if you wish to change your party affiliation before a primary election, you must make the change at least 29 days before that election.
You can view the dates for the next election on our
Dates and Deadlines page
.
Address Update
Your address determines your Election Day polling place and ballot. We also send official election mail to your address on file. If you move and don’t update your address, your registration may become inactive or be removed. To stay registered, update your address as soon as possible.
Moving Within Leon County
You will need to update your voter registration record to match your new address. You can use any of the methods mentioned above to update your address. You can also call our office at (850) 606-8683 and we can update your address over the phone.
Moving to Leon County from Another Florida County
You will need to update your voter registration record to match your new home address. You can use any of the methods mentioned above to update your address. You can also call our office at (850) 606-8683 and we can update your address over the phone.
Moving from Leon County to Another Florida County
Contact the County Supervisor of Elections in your new county to update your voter registration record to match your new home address.
Moving to Leon County from Outside Florida
You will need to register for the first time in Florida. Follow the directions on our
Register to Vote page
to register in Leon County. Make sure to contact the elections office in your prior state to learn how you can cancel your registration there.
Moving Away from Florida
Complete a
Cancelation of Registration form (PDF)
and we will deactivate your Florida voter registration record. Then, contact the elections office in your new state to learn how you can register to vote there.
Signature Update
Your signature is used to verify your identify on petitions, Vote-by-Mail ballot certificates, and other documents. A signature mismatch could cause your Vote-by-Mail ballot to be rejected.
We automatically update your signature on record with our office when you vote in person, complete a paper voter registration application, or update your information when getting a driver’s license or state ID card.
If your signature has changed, it is important to update the record with our office. You can update your signature by completing a paper
voter registration application (PDF)
and sending it to our office. We must receive your signature update before we receive your Vote-by-Mail ballot. We can accept your signature update by mail or hand-delivery:
Mail: P.O. Box 7357, Tallahassee, FL 32314-7357
Hand-delivery: 2990-1 Apalachee Parkway, Tallahassee, FL 32301
Party Affiliation Update
You are not required to register with a political party. However, Florida is a “closed primary” election state. The races and candidates that appear on your primary election ballot depend on your party affiliation. You may only vote in a partisan race in a primary election if you are a registered member of that political party. However, there are non-partisan races on the primary ballot. You can vote in these races regardless of your party affiliation. In addition, if all candidates for an office have the same party affiliation, and the winner of the primary will be elected to office, then you can vote in that race regardless of party affiliation. This is known as an “universal primary.”
In a general election, you can vote for any candidates on your ballot, regardless of party affiliation.
You can view a list of political parties on the
Division of Elections Political Party webpage.
Driver's License or ID Card Number Update
If you have received a new ID number on your Florida driver’s license or state ID card, you may need to update your voter registration information. This will ensure that your voter registration record includes the new ID number. You can update your voter registration and add the new number using any of these methods:
Visit
RegistertoVoteFlorida.gov
Complete a
paper voter registration application - PDF
Call us at
850-606-8683
Update Other Info
If you need to make other changes to your voter registration record, such as a change to your phone number or email address, you can use any of the methods listed above to update your information.
Voter Information Card Replacement
Whenever you update your voter registration record, we automatically mail you a new voter information card.
If you have lost your voter information card, you can easily request a replacement. Simply complete a voter registration application and select "Request to Replace Voter Information Card" on the form. We will then mail you a new card.
Please note that your voter information card is not a form of ID and you do not need to bring it with you when you vote in person. Visit our
Voter Information Card page
to learn more.
Cancel Registration
If you no longer wish to be a registered voter, you can cancel your Florida voter registration. Please complete a
Cancelation of Registration form (PDF)
and we will deactivate your Florida voter registration record. You can return this form by mail, email, fax, or hand delivery to our office. Please see the form for further instructions.
If a family member has passed away, please contact us at
Vote@LeonVotes.gov
so we can ensure that their voter registration record is canceled.
On This Page
How Can I Update my Info?
Online
Mail
Applying for Driver's License or ID Card
In Person
Deadline to Update my Registration
Address Update
Signature Update
Party Affiliation Update
Driver's License or ID Card Number Update
Update Other Info
Voter Information Card Replacement
Cancel Registration
In This Section
Check Your Info
Military and Overseas Voters
Register to Vote
Student Voters
Third Party Voter Registration Organizations
Update Your Registration
Voting Rights Restoration
Voter Information Card
Election Law Changes
Election Ready
Mark S. Earley
Leon County Supervisor of Elections
Office Address:
2990-1 Apalachee Parkway,
Tallahassee FL 32301
Hours:
Monday - Friday, 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Mailing Address:
Leon County Supervisor of Elections Office
P.O. Box 7357, Tallahassee FL 32314-7357
Phone:
(850) 606-8683
Fax:
(850) 606-8601
Email:
Vote@leonvotes.gov
Follow Us
Instagram
Facebook
Nextdoor
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Careers
Public Notices
Website Feedback
PLEASE NOTE:
Under Florida law, email addresses are public records. If you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing. Florida Statute 668.6076.
Copyright 2026 by LeonVotes.gov
How Do I?
Register to Vote
Check my Voter Info
View Sample Ballot
Request Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Find Early Voting Sites
Become an Election Worker
Find Vote-by-Mail Drop Box
Find my Polling Place
Contact Us
Monday - Friday, 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM
(850) 606-8683
Vote@leonvotes.gov
2990-1 Apalachee Parkway,
Tallahassee FL 32301
View on map
