Register to Vote - Martin County
Skip to main content
Martin County
Martin County
Supervisor of Elections
Accessibility
Font Size Small
Font Size Medium
Font Size Large
Regular
Contrast
Text Only
Close Accessbility panel
Main Menu
Voter Information
Voter Information
Register to Vote
Update Your Registration
Update Your Signature
Check Your Voter Information
Vote by Mail
Replace Your Voter Information Card
Request Removal from Voter Rolls
Voting 101 – Voter’s Guide
Military/Overseas Voters
Voting Information for Students
Voters Needing Language Assistance
Identification Requirements
Political Parties
Voter Statistics
Voter Trends
Cybersecurity
Voter FAQs
Election Information
Election Information
Elections Integrity
Safe and Secure Elections
Elected Officials
Election Results
Notices of Elections
2026 Election Dates
2026 Qualified Candidates
Sample Ballots
2026 Election Preparation Report
Canvassing Board Notices
2026 Early Voting and
Secure Ballot Intake Station Locations
2026 Election Day Polling Locations
Precinct Maps
Election History
Election Statistics
Become an Election Worker
Adopt a Precinct
Candidate/Committee Information
Candidate/Committee Information
Committees
Documents & Forms
Reporting Schedules
Reporting Login
2026 Qualifying Information
Finance Reports/Candidate Documents
Political Signage
Candidate/Committee FAQs
Resources
Resources
Newsletters/Fiscal Year Report
Meet Your Supervisor
Office Contact Information
Office Tour / Speaker Request
Mission Statement
Public Records
Disability Resources
3 Ways to Vote
Student Links and Teacher Resources
Helpful Links
Calendar
Sitemap
Martin County
Supervisor of Elections
Register to Vote
If you are eighteen (18) years old, a U.S. citizen, and a permanent resident of the State of Florida you may register to vote.
If you are sixteen (16) years old, you can pre-register and receive your voter information card in the mail after your 18th birthday.
You can register online at
https://registertovoteflorida.gov/
You can register to vote in person at the Supervisor of Elections office at:
135 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd, Stuart, FL 34994
OR
When obtaining a driver’s license at any Martin County Tax Collector’s Office.
The
Tax Collector’s website
has complete details regarding locations and hours.
You can obtain a Voter Registration Application at many other locations in Martin County.
A
complete list
of where to obtain applications is available.
Once your registration has been processed, a Voter Information Card will be mailed to you.
You are not entitled to register to vote if you have been adjudicated mentally incapacitated with regard to voting in this or any other state and you have not had your right to vote restored pursuant to law, or, if you have been convicted of any felony by any court of record and you have not had your right to vote restored pursuant to law.
Facebook
Contact Us
135 SE Martin Luther King, Jr. Blvd
Stuart, FL 34994
P.O. Box 1257
Stuart, FL 34995
Phone 772.288.5637
Fax 772.288.5765
TTY 772.692.7320
Spanish - 833.912.1314
[email protected]
Helpful Links
Voting By Mail Information
Register to Vote
Update Your Registration
2026 Election Dates
Sitemap
MARTIN COUNTY SUPERVISOR OF ELECTIONS
Martin County Supervisor of Elections
23 hours ago
Celebrating Constitution Day!
Today, we celebrate the signing of the U.S. Constitution and the foundation it established for our nation’s government.
As your Elections Office, we’re proud to help Martin County voters participate in the democratic process and make their voices heard.
Happy Constitution Day, Martin County!
#ConstitutionDay
#MartinVotes
#MartinCounty
#YourVoteYourVoice
1
View on Facebook
Martin County Supervisor of Elections
2 days ago
The Doors Were Open, and Elections Were on the Agenda!
We were pleased to welcome the Women’s Democratic Group of Martin County to the Martin County Elections Center for a tour with Supervisor of Elections Vicki Davis!
During their visit, the group had the opportunity to explore the Elections Center, learn more about voting equipment and election operations, and hear directly from Mrs. Davis about the work that goes into serving Martin County voters.
The visit was filled with great questions, engaging conversation, and plenty of election information!
Thank you to the Women’s Democratic Group of Martin County for spending time with us and learning more about the election process. We always enjoy opening our doors and connecting with members of our community!
12
View on Facebook
Martin County Supervisor of Elections
3 days ago
Celebrating National Voter Registration Day with the Next Generation of Voters!
Our Elections Team had a great time celebrating National Voter Registration Day at Indian River State College’s Chastain Campus!
A big THANK YOU to all the students who stopped by to register or pre-register to vote! It was exciting to see so many students taking an important step toward making their voices heard.
A very special thank you to Professor Yankwitt for always collaborating with our office and bringing students over to register and pre-register. We truly appreciate your continued partnership and commitment to encouraging civic engagement among students!
Every registration is a step toward a more engaged community!
Your Vote. Your Voice. 2026.
#NationalVoterRegistrationDay
#MartinVotes
#IndianRiverStateCollege
#ChastainCampus
#YourVoteYourVoice
#FutureVoters
#CivicEngagement
+
1
18
View on Facebook
Martin County Supervisor of Elections is on
Facebook
,
Nextdoor
, and
Instagram
!
© 2026 • Martin, FL • Site powered by
SOE Software
