How to Register
Skip to main content
Select Language
Abkhaz
Acehnese
Acholi
Afar
Afrikaans
Albanian
Alur
Amharic
Arabic
Armenian
Assamese
Avar
Awadhi
Aymara
Azerbaijani
Balinese
Baluchi
Bambara
Baoulé
Bashkir
Basque
Batak Karo
Batak Simalungun
Batak Toba
Belarusian
Bemba
Bengali
Betawi
Bhojpuri
Bikol
Bosnian
Breton
Bulgarian
Buryat
Cantonese
Catalan
Cebuano
Chamorro
Chechen
Chichewa
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Chuukese
Chuvash
Corsican
Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic)
Crimean Tatar (Latin)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dari
Dhivehi
Dinka
Dogri
Dombe
Dutch
Dyula
Dzongkha
Esperanto
Estonian
Ewe
Faroese
Fijian
Filipino
Finnish
Fon
French
French (Canada)
Frisian
Friulian
Fulani
Ga
Galician
Georgian
German
Greek
Guarani
Gujarati
Haitian Creole
Hakha Chin
Hausa
Hawaiian
Hebrew
Hiligaynon
Hindi
Hmong
Hungarian
Hunsrik
Iban
Icelandic
Igbo
Ilocano
Indonesian
Inuktut (Latin)
Inuktut (Syllabics)
Irish
Italian
Jamaican Patois
Japanese
Javanese
Jingpo
Kalaallisut
Kannada
Kanuri
Kapampangan
Kazakh
Khasi
Khmer
Kiga
Kikongo
Kinyarwanda
Kituba
Kokborok
Komi
Konkani
Korean
Krio
Kurdish (Kurmanji)
Kurdish (Sorani)
Kyrgyz
Lao
Latgalian
Latin
Latvian
Ligurian
Limburgish
Lingala
Lithuanian
Lombard
Luganda
Luo
Luxembourgish
Macedonian
Madurese
Maithili
Makassar
Malagasy
Malay
Malay (Jawi)
Malayalam
Maltese
Mam
Manx
Maori
Marathi
Marshallese
Marwadi
Mauritian Creole
Meadow Mari
Meiteilon (Manipuri)
Minang
Mizo
Mongolian
Myanmar (Burmese)
Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca)
Ndau
Ndebele (South)
Nepalbhasa (Newari)
Nepali
NKo
Norwegian
Nuer
Occitan
Odia (Oriya)
Oromo
Ossetian
Pangasinan
Papiamento
Pashto
Persian
Polish
Portuguese (Brazil)
Portuguese (Portugal)
Punjabi (Gurmukhi)
Punjabi (Shahmukhi)
Quechua
Qʼeqchiʼ
Romani
Romanian
Rundi
Russian
Sami (North)
Samoan
Sango
Sanskrit
Santali (Latin)
Santali (Ol Chiki)
Scots Gaelic
Sepedi
Serbian
Sesotho
Seychellois Creole
Shan
Shona
Sicilian
Silesian
Sindhi
Sinhala
Slovak
Slovenian
Somali
Spanish
Sundanese
Susu
Swahili
Swati
Swedish
Tahitian
Tajik
Tamazight
Tamazight (Tifinagh)
Tamil
Tatar
Telugu
Tetum
Thai
Tibetan
Tigrinya
Tiv
Tok Pisin
Tongan
Tshiluba
Tsonga
Tswana
Tulu
Tumbuka
Turkish
Turkmen
Tuvan
Twi
Udmurt
Ukrainian
Urdu
Uyghur
Uzbek
Venda
Venetian
Vietnamese
Waray
Welsh
Wolof
Xhosa
Yakut
Yiddish
Yoruba
Yucatec Maya
Zapotec
Zulu
Powered by
Translate
Main navigation
Voters
Register or Update
Voter Info
Vote By Mail Information
Early Voting & Ballot Return
Election Day Precinct
Ballot Status Notifications
Voter Resources
How to Register
Voter Guide, Rights and Responsibilities
Vote-by-Mail Request Bifold Mailer
Voter Registration Bifold Mailer
Cancellation Request Form
Special Needs/ADA Accessibility Options
Cure Your Signature
Election Complaints
Voter Fraud
Military/Overseas Voting
Provisional Ballot Voting
Political Parties
General Information
Results & Information
Election Information
Election Results Information
Voter Registration Statistics Summary
Voter Statistics
Municipal Election
Voting Equipment Interactive Demo
List Maintenance Definitions and Procedures
Polling Location Terms and Conditions
List of Elections
Important Forms for Elections
General Results & Resources
Candidates
Announced Candidates
Become a Candidate
Candidate/ Committee Finance Login
Division of Elections
Calendar of Reporting Dates
Candidate Reporting Guidelines
Committee Reporting Guidelines
Executive Committee
Political Committees
Elected Officials
General Candidate Information
Get Involved
How to Get Involved
Just For Kids
What is an Election Day Worker
Facts About Voting
Help America Vote Act
High School Voter Registration Drive
About Us
About Broward Votes
Join Our Team
Our History
Broward County Maps
FAQ
Meet Our Directors
Supervisor of Elections
2026 Holiday Schedule
Contact Our Office
Search
How to Register
Home
How To Register
Click here to Vote-by-Mail
If you are eighteen years old, a U.S. citizen, and legal resident of Florida you may register to vote. If you are sixteen years old, you may pre-register and receive your card in the mail after your 18th birthday.
You are NOT entitled to register to vote if you have been adjudicated mentally incapacitated with regard to voting in this or any other state and you have not had your right to vote restored pursuant to law, or, if you have been convicted of any felony by any court of record and you have not had your right to vote restored pursuant to law.
If you meet the above requirements, you may register to vote in Broward County either by using the online voter registration form or in person/telephone. Below is the information to follow for each option.
FAQ's
What is RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov?
RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov is Florida’s secure, convenient and easy-to-use online voter registration website.
Do I have to use RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov to register to vote?
No. RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov is just one of several ways you can register to vote. You can apply through a Florida driver license office, a tax collector's office that issues driver licenses or Florida identification (ID) cards, through the Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicle’s online website for renewing a driver license or state identification card or through a voter registration agency such as a public assistance office or public library. You can also submit a paper voter registration application by mail or in-person.
Who can use RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov?
Any Florida resident who is eligible to vote or is already registered to vote in Florida can use it.
What do I need to be able to submit an online voter registration application through RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov?
You will need a Florida driver license or a state identification card and the last four digits of your social security number. If you do not have a Florida driver license or state identification card or social security number, you can still use the website to complete your application but you will have to print, sign and deliver it by mail or in-person to your county Supervisor of Elections office.
Why do I need a Florida driver license or state ID and the last four digits of my social security number to register online?
State law requires a Florida driver license or state identification card to verify your identity. The last four digits of your social security number provides another layer of security to verify your identity. This helps to protect against someone else from trying to use your identity to register to vote.
Why does the online voter registration application require the issued date of my driver license or state identification card?
As an additional safeguard to protect your identity, the online voter registration application requires you to input the issued date of your Florida driver license or state identification card. This helps to protect against someone else from trying to use your identity to register to vote.
Is it safe to use online voter registration? How is my information protected?
Registering to vote online through RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov is secure. The department has taken multiple steps to protect voter information including implementing a state-of-the-art firewall, data encryption, captcha boxes, session time-out after inactivity and the use of multi-screens. Additionally, there is no retention of data within the RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov website.
The department’s online voter registration website includes security measures to help ensure the identity of the voter is true and accurate while also protecting a voter’s personal information. We require additional fields of information that only the person seeking to register or change an existing registration should know, such as the issued date of their Florida driver license or state ID card. A person is also required to have their Florida driver license or state ID card number and the last four digits of their social security number. All of this information is verified in real-time in order for a person to complete the application process online. If the information cannot be verified, a person is not able to move forward with submitting the application electronically.
How does online voter registration through RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov work?
Online voter registration is secure, convenient and easy-to-use. It works the same way as the traditional paper application process, except you can fill it out online and submit the application electronically to election officials. If all of the information is verified and the application is deemed complete, the local Supervisor of Elections office will issue a voter information card.
What if I do not have a Florida driver license, state ID card or a social security number?
If you do not have a Florida driver license or state identification card or social security number, you can still use the website to complete your application but you will have to print, sign and deliver it by mail or in-person to your county Supervisor of Elections office. You will not be able to submit it electronically.
Am I automatically registered to vote when I submit the online application?
No. Once your application is submitted online, your local Supervisor of Elections must review your application. If all of the information is verified and the application is deemed complete, the local Supervisor of Elections office will issue a voter information card.
What if I do not want to submit my voter registration application online?
If you do not want to submit your application online, you can still use the website to fill out your application, print and mail or hand-deliver it to your local Supervisor of Elections office. The website does not save your information.
What information on my application is public record?
Under Florida law, most voter information is public record including your name, date of birth, address, party affiliation and when you voted. Your social security number, Florida driver license or state identification card information and the source of your voter registration application is confidential and cannot be released or disclosed to the public under any circumstances. All voting in Florida is done via secret ballot, and only the voter knows who he or she voted for. For more information on voter information as public record under Florida law,
click here
.
Can I use an iPad, tablet or smartphone to fill out the online voter registration application?
Yes. RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov is mobile-friendly.
What internet browsers can I use to fill out the online voter registration application?
It is recommended that you use the most recent version of Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Apple Safari, Microsoft Internet Explorer or Microsoft Edge.
Is it faster to use online voter registration than a traditional paper application?
Online voter registration through RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov is a secure, convenient and easy-to-use system that is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Online applications are submitted immediately. If all of the information is verified and the application is deemed complete, the local Supervisor of Elections office will issue a voter information card.
How long will it take to get my new voter registration card?
If all of the information is verified and the application is deemed complete, the local Supervisor of Elections office will issue a voter information card no later than five days after receipt of the application.
Will I get a confirmation that the application was successfully submitted?
Yes. Once your application is submitted online, you will be directed to a confirmation page that you can print out for your records.
How many languages is RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov available in?
RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov is available in English and Spanish.
Is RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov accessible to persons with disabilities?
Yes. RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov is certified as accessible to persons with disabilities.
I am eligible to register to vote in Florida but I am in the military, living abroad or temporarily living outside the state. Can I use RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov to register to vote?
Yes. As long as you have internet access, you can use RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov to complete and submit your voter registration application. It is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Did the Department of State use an outside vendor to create the online voter registration system?
The department created RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov entirely in-house. No outside vendors were used.
What is the deadline to register when submitting an application online?
If an upcoming election is in your jurisdiction, you may submit your application up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time 29 days before the election.
If I have problems using the online system, who should I contact?
If you have technical problems using the online system, please see our Help page. For all other questions, please see the FAQs or contact the Division of Elections.
Select the following link to begin the convenient
online application form
.
- OR -
You may obtain a voter registration application in person or by telephone by contacting:
The Supervisor of Elections office:
4650 NW 21st Avenue
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309
Office Number - 954-357-VOTE (8683)
You may apply at any of these Broward County locations:
See the complete list
After completing the voter registration application, it can be mailed or delivered to the Supervisor of Elections office. A voter identification card will be mailed to the applicant approximately 2-3 weeks after the application is processed.
Please be aware of the following information if you decide to register to vote by mail:
HELP AMERICA VOTE ACT (HAVA) OF 2002
As a result of the enactment of the 2002 Help America Vote Act (HAVA) by the United States Congress, Florida law (97.0535, Florida Statutes) now has new requirements for anyone who registers by
mail.
As of January 1, 2003, if you are a
new
voter in Broward County, you registered
by mail
and you have not voted in an election for Federal office in this county you
must
present a current valid photo identification or a copy of a current utility bill, bank statement, paycheck or other government documents that shows your name and address. If you wish to vote by mail you
must
submit,
with your ballot
, the same documentation stated above.
To be exempt from the above qualifications you must meet one of the following requirements:
Be 65 years of age or older when you registered
Have a physical disability
Be a member, spouse or dependent of active uniform service or merchant marine absent from the county on election day
Living outside the United States but eligible to vote in Florida
Site Section
Voters
Register or Update
Voter Info
Vote By Mail Information
Early Voting & Ballot Return
Election Day Precinct
Ballot Status Notifications
Voter Resources
How to Register
Voter Guide, Rights and Responsibilities
Vote-by-Mail Request Bifold Mailer
Voter Registration Bifold Mailer
Cancellation Request Form
Special Needs/ADA Accessibility Options
Cure Your Signature
Election Complaints
Voter Fraud
Military/Overseas Voting
Provisional Ballot Voting
Political Parties
General Information
Results & Information
Election Information
Election Results Information
Voter Registration Statistics Summary
Voter Statistics
Municipal Election
Voting Equipment Interactive Demo
List Maintenance Definitions and Procedures
Polling Location Terms and Conditions
List of Elections
Important Forms for Elections
General Results & Resources
Candidates
Announced Candidates
Become a Candidate
Candidate/ Committee Finance Login
Division of Elections
Calendar of Reporting Dates
Candidate Reporting Guidelines
Committee Reporting Guidelines
Executive Committee
Political Committees
Elected Officials
General Candidate Information
Get Involved
How to Get Involved
Just For Kids
What is an Election Day Worker
Facts About Voting
Help America Vote Act
High School Voter Registration Drive
About Us
About Broward Votes
Join Our Team
Our History
Broward County Maps
FAQ
Meet Our Directors
Supervisor of Elections
2026 Holiday Schedule
Contact Our Office
4650 NW 21st Avenue
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309
Hours: Mon - Fri, 9:00am - 5:00pm
Phone: 954-357-VOTE (8683)
Home
Careers
Contact
Accessibility
Social Media Policy
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
