Military & Overseas Voters | Palm Beach County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
Voters
Candidates
Elections
Get Involved
Records & Resources
Search
Voter Registration
Register to Vote
Update Voter Information
Restoration of Voting Rights
Voter Guide, Rights & Responsibilities
Ways to Vote
Vote by Mail
Request to Vote-by-Mail
Vote-by-Mail Signature Cure
Track Your Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Early Voting
Make an Early Voting Appointment
Election Day Voting
Find Your Precinct
Voter Dashboard
My Status
Precinct Finder
Sample Ballot
Request a Vote-By-Mail Ballot
Track Your Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Vote-by-Mail Signature Cure
Make an Early Voting Appointment (Optional)
My Provisional Ballot Status
Military & Overseas Voters
Potentially Ineligible Voters
Voters with Disabilities
Accessibility Resources
ExpressVote Program
Home
Voters
Military & Overseas Voters
Military & Overseas Voters
The Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA) ensures eligible overseas citizens can apply to register to vote and request a Vote-by-Mail ballot. Members of the United States Uniformed Services and merchant marine, their eligible family member(s), and United States citizens residing outside of the country are covered under UOCAVA. Uniformed service members and their dependents
residing in their voting jurisdictions are not covered under UOCAVA
. Find more information about
coverage under UOCAVA on the U.S. Department of Justice website
.
The Federal Voting Assistance Program (FVAP) was created to implement the requirements of UOCAVA. FVAP works to ensure service members, their eligible family members, and overseas citizens are aware of their right to vote and provides resources and assistance that allow overseas and military citizens, and their families, to participate in elections from anywhere in the world.
You may register to vote and request a Vote-by-Mail ballot using the
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) (PDF)
. The FPCA (
view FPCA Online Assistant
) is the form that permits uniformed and overseas citizens to simultaneously register to vote and request Vote-by-Mail ballots in the state or territory where they last resided immediately prior to departing the United States, even if you no longer maintain a residence in that state. If you reside outside the U.S., or you are an absent uniformed services voter, your ballot will be mailed to you at least 45 days before an election.
The
FPCA Form (PDF)
is made available through the
Federal Voting Assistance Program (FVAP)
. Send a completed FPCA Form
containing your original signature
to the Supervisor of Elections office so that it arrives not later than 29 days before the election.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, please contact our office directly.
Vote-By-Mail:
Email Vote-By-Mail
(561) 656-6200 ext. 2
Register to Vote
Voter Dashboard
Upcoming Elections
Election Worker Dashboard
Vote-By-Mail
Flyers & Publications
Contact Us
Main Office
4301 Cherry Road, West Palm Beach, FL 33409
Mailing Address
P.O. Box 22309, West Palm Beach, FL 33416
Phone
:
(561) 656-6200
|
Fax
: (561) 656-6287
Hours
: Monday through Friday: 8:30 am to 5:00 pm
See All Locations
Popular Links
Election Results
Programs & Initiatives
Public Records Request
Voting Districts
Your Elections Office
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
PLEASE NOTE:
Under Florida law, email addresses are public records. If you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing. Florida Statute 668.6076.
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
