Register to Vote | Marion County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
About
Voters
Elections
Campaigns
Community
Search
Change My Address
Check My Registration Status
Civil Rights Restoration / Amendment 4
HAVA Information
Office Holders
Register to Vote
Request a Public Records Exemption
Request to be Removed from Voter Rolls
Update My Voter Information
Voter ID Requirements
Voter Registration Statistics
Voter Resources
Elected Officials Guide (PDF)
Find My Elected Officials
Florida Voter Registration/Voting Guide for 2026
Voter Rights & Responsibilities
Ways to Vote
Accessible Ballot
Military / Overseas
Vote Early
Vote on Election Day
Vote-By-Mail
Check Your Mail Ballot Status
Correct a Signature Mismatch
Forgot to Sign Your Mail Ballot?
Request a Vote-By-Mail Ballot
Secure Ballot Intake Stations
Track Your Mail Ballot
Vote-By-Mail Forms
Home
Voters
Register to Vote
Register to Vote
Who Can Register to Vote
To register to vote in Florida, you must:
Be a Citizen of the United States of America. (A lawful permanent resident, commonly referred to as a "green card holder," does not have the right to register or vote in Florida.)
Be a Florida resident.
Be at least 18 years old. (You may pre-register to vote if you are 16 years old.)
Not have been adjudicated mentally incapacitated with respect to voting in Florida or any other state without having the right to vote restored.
Not have been convicted of a felony without your voting rights having been restored.
Military or Overseas Voters
Visit our Ways to Vote section,
Military/Overseas page
.
How You Can Register to Vote
Online
Visit
RegistertoVoteFlorida.gov
to submit a new registration or an update to your existing record.
To submit an online application,
you will need:
Your Florida driver's license (Florida DL) or Florida identification card (Florida ID card) issued by the Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles.
To protect your identity,
you will also need:
The issue date of your Florida DL or Florida ID card
The last four digits of your Social Security Number (SSN4)
Note: If you do not have any or all of this information, you may still use the online system to prefill a voter registration application form. However, you will have to print, sign, and then mail or deliver your completed voter registration application to our office.
You should not use this system to register or update your voter registration information if you are a participant in the Florida Attorney General's Address Confidentiality Program. Please
contact our office
to register.
By Mail
Print and complete the Florida Voter Registration Application.
DS-DE 39
-
Florida Voter Registration Application
https://dos.fl.gov/elections/forms-publications/forms/
Mail or deliver the completed application to the Marion County Election Center.
In Person
Register to vote or submit your completed application in person at our office or through any of these offices:
A Florida driver's license office in person or online when you renew your driver's license at GoRenew.com
A tax collector's office that issues driver's licenses or Florida identification cards
A voter registration agency (i.e., any office that provides public assistance or state-funded program for persons with disabilities, any armed recruitment office, any center for independent living, and any public library).
Marion County Election Center
Marion County Tax Collector's Offices
Marion County Public Libraries
For more information or to request an application be mailed to you, please contact us at 352-620-3290.
We are required to receive the original form containing the applicant's original signature. Therefore,
new application forms received by email or fax are not valid
and cannot be accepted.
Registration Deadline
You can register or update your record at any time. To vote in an upcoming election, the deadline to register is the 29th day before that election. A later registration deadline is available under limited circumstances for military and overseas citizens.
Political Party Affiliation - Florida is a Closed Primary State
Florida is a closed primary state. In partisan office contests in a primary election, a voter may only vote for the candidates of the party in which he or she is registered.
Voters registered with no party affiliation (NPA) or a minor party are not eligible to vote for partisan candidates in a primary election.
All registered voters, regardless of party affiliation, are entitled to vote on non-partisan candidates and issues.
To be effective for a primary election, a party change must be made at least 29 days before the election.
In a general election, all registered voters receive the same ballot regardless of their party affiliation and are eligible to vote for any candidate.
Information on Florida's major and minor political parties can be found on the
Florida Division of Elections' website
.
Questions
If you still have questions, please
email the Voter Services Department
.
Contact Us
Wesley Wilcox, CERA
Supervisor of Elections
Email Wesley Wilcox
Marion County Election Center
Email Marion County Election Center
Physical Address
View Map
981 NE 16th Street
Ocala
,
FL
34470
981 NE 16th Street Ocala FL 34470
Directions
Mailing Address
P.O. Box 289
Ocala
,
FL
34478-0289
Phone:
352-620-3290
Fax: 352-620-3286
Directory
Register to Vote
My Mail Ballot
Update My Info
Where Do I Vote?
Early Voting
Am I Registered?
Marion County Election Center
P.O. Box 289
Ocala, FL 34478-0289
981 NE 16
th
Street
Ocala, FL 34470
Monday through Friday: 8:30 am to 4:30 pm
P:
352-620-3290
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
