Military Overseas Voting | Flagler County Elections Office
Skip to main content
opens in new tab or window
Quick Links
Facebook
X
NextDoor
Instagram
Contact Us
English
Select this as your preferred language
Spanish
Select this as your preferred language
Select a language to translate to
English
Select this as your preferred language
Spanish
Select this as your preferred language
Open
Search
Menu
Register to Vote
My Voter Info
Am I Registered to Vote?
Update My Voter Registration
Online Voter Registration
Find Your Precinct
Public Record Exemptions
Signature Updates
Voter Registration Cancellation
Elections
Upcoming Elections in Flagler County
2026 General Election
Closed Primary Elections
How to Vote
Early Voting
Vote-By-Mail
Election Day Voting
ID Required to Vote
Election Results
Live Election Turnout
Military Overseas Voting
Past Elections
Provisional Ballot Lookup
What Is Book Closing?
Student Voting
Candidates
Becoming a Candidate
Candidate Resources
File Download
Initiative Petitions
Local Candidates and Committees
Online Financial Reporting
Office Seal Usage Policy
Political Parties
Search Candidate Reports
Campaign Sign Information
Get Involved
About Us
About the Elections Office
Meet your Supervisor of Elections
Employment
Office Holidays
Office Seal Usage Policy
Election Security
Election Canvassing Board
Flagler County Election Security
Mail Ballot FAQ
Official Election Mail
Our Voting System
News
Monthly Newsletter
News Articles
Legal Notices
Ballot Material Inspection
Election Notices
Voter Eligibility Notices
Poll Workers
Become a Poll Worker
Programs and Events
Adopt a Precinct
Events
FSE Scholarship
School Elections
Veterans Photo Display Wall
Voter's Guide Cover Design Contest
Research & Data
Current Elected Officials
Districts & Precincts
Election Results
Public Records
Voter Registration Statistics
Voter Education
2026 Voter's Guide
Civil Rights - Your Right to Vote
Electoral College
Florida Civics - 101
History of Our Flag
History of Voting
Myth Versus Fact
Outreach Events Calendar
Outreach Request Form
Contact Us
Search
Home
/
Elections
/
Military Overseas Voting
Military Overseas Voting
Americans can vote, wherever they are!
The Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act
is commonly referred to as UOCAVA. Citizens protected under UOCAVA are U.S. citizens who are active members of the Uniformed Services, the Merchant Marine, the commissioned corps of the Public Health Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, their eligible family members, and U.S. citizens residing outside the United States. UOCAVA provides the legal basis for absentee voting requirements for these citizens.
Voting Residency
Your voting residence is within your state of legal residence or domicile. It is the address that you consider your permanent home and where you had a physical presence. In order to vote in Florida, you must have or had a physical presence in the state. Legal guidance is below for military, uniformed services personnel and their family members, and US citizens residing overseas.
Legal residence - Military /uniformed services personnel and family members (FVAP/UOCAVA).
In order to claim a specific Florida county as residence, a person:
Must have or had physical presence in the state and simultaneously have the intent to remain or make the Florida his or her home or domicile.
May only have one legal residence at a time, but may change residency each time he or she is transferred to a new location.
Must make a conscious decision to change residency as exemplified by such acts as registering to vote, registering a car, qualifying for in-state tuition, etc.
May not revert to the previous residence without re-establishing new physical presence and intent to remain or return.
Uniformed service personnel and their family members cannot arbitrarily choose which state to declare as their legal voting residence without first meeting the state's residency requirements.
Marriage to an active duty member does not automatically confer the same legal residence. Florida’s intent and physical presence criteria must still be met independently except as noted below under the Military Spouse Residency Relief Act of 2009 as amended. A minor typically assumes either one of the parent’s legal residence. Therefore, it is possible for members of the same military family to have different legal residences. Once a minor becomes 18, he or she can establish his or her own residency (which can be different from either parent), provided he or she has physical presence and intent to remain or return.
The Military Spouse Residency Relief Act of 2009
The (MSRRA) gave a military spouse the right to retain residency status (for voting or taxation purposes) in the same state as the military member when the couple had to relocate from the state due to military orders. It was presumed that the couple shared the same domicile/legal residency state for voting (and/or taxation) purposes and if not, that the spouse had independently met or would meet the state’s residency requirement. The Veterans’ Benefits and Transition Act of 201810 (see section 303) amended section 705(b) of the MSRRA (50 U.S.C. 4025(b). Effective March 31, 2019 and thereafter, a spouse of an absent stateside or overseas service person who is a resident of another state may claim the service person’s state of voter residency by virtue of the marriage regardless of when they married and without having to establish independently physical presence in the service person’s state of voter residency. For example, if the absent stateside or overseas service person is a resident of Florida and the spouse is a resident of Ohio, then the spouse (regardless of when they married) can now claim Florida voter residency without having to independently establish physical presence.
Legal residence - Overseas Citizens.
An overseas citizen’s residence is the last state in which he or she resided immediately prior to leaving the U.S. This right extends to an overseas citizen even if he or she no longer owns property or has no other ties to the last state of residence and his or her intent to return to that state may be uncertain. In the latter case, such overseas citizen is technically temporarily residing outside the county and could not vote in municipal elections. Where a person registers/votes is a factor used to determine residency under federal, state or local tax laws except when exercising the right to vote solely in elections for federal offices.
Legal residence - U.S. citizen born or living abroad.
A U.S. citizen who is born or living abroad and has never lived in Florida is not permitted to register or vote in Florida under current Florida law.
Keep A Current Address
Please help us maintain your active voter status by notifying the Supervisor of Elections Office with any change to your mailing address. It's important to keep your current address on file so that we may contact you concerning future elections or your request for absentee ballots. It's easiest to
contact us by email
, or simply call the office at (386) 313-4170.
Register to Vote and Request Your Ballot by Mail
Members of the United States Uniformed Services on active duty and the Merchant Marine, their spouses and dependents of all, and United States citizens residing outside of the United States may register to vote and request an absentee ballot with a
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
, which may be obtained from a Voting Assistance Officer (VAO) or through the Federal Voting Assistance Program at
www.fvap.gov
.
Voting assistance for service members is also available here:
https://www.fvap.gov/florida
The Federal Post Card Application request for an absentee ballot will be effective for all elections through the next regularly scheduled general election. If the FPCA is not available, phone or send a written request by
mail
, fax or email to:
Flagler County Supervisor of Elections
P.O. Box 901
Bunnell, FL 32110
Phone: 386-313-4170
Fax: 386-313-4171
Use our
contact form
to send an email.
Anyone registered to vote in Flagler County may use our online form to request an absentee ballot:
Request A Mail Ballot
Overseas military, absent stateside military, and overseas civilians may have an absentee ballot either faxed or e-mailed, in lieu of receiving it by regular mail. Once your absentee ballot is voted, you may either return it by fax or you may
mail
it to the Supervisor of Elections so that it is received no later than 7:00 p.m. on Election Day. Voted ballots returned by e-mail will NOT be accepted. Carefully follow the instructions sent to you with your absentee ballot to ensure that it is counted. You must be sure to not only
sign
but also DATE the return absentee ballot envelope.
If an overseas voter's request for an absentee ballot includes an e-mail address, the Supervisor of Elections will inform the voter of the names of candidates who will be on the ballots via electronic transmission. The Supervisor of Elections will e-mail to the voter the list of candidates for the primary and general election not later than 30 days before each election.
Overseas voters have an additional 10 days to return their mail ballot during a Presidential Preference Primary and General Election.
Additional information for military and overseas voters is available from:
Federal Voting Assistance Program
Department of Defense, Washington Headquarters Services
1155 Defense Pentagon
Washington, DC 20301-1155
1-800-438-VOTE (8683)
FVAP Fax (703) 588-0108
Email:
vote@fvap.gov
References:
Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA):
https://www.justice.gov/crt/uniformed-and-overseas-citizens-absentee-voting-act
National Voting Rights Act (NVRA):
https://www.fvap.gov/info/laws/nvra
Federal Voting Assistance Program:
https://www.fvap.gov/
Voting Residency:
https://www.fvap.gov/info/laws/voting-residence
Veteran's Wall In The Elections Office
Active and retired members of the armed forces are welcomed to provide a service photo for our Wall of Honor. This display in the lobby of the Elections Office is for all Flagler County citizens and family members who have proudly served. Your photo can be hand-delivered, mailed or emailed to the office.
Learn more:
Veteran's Photo Display Wall of Honor
United States Air Force
(JPG, 206KB)
United States Army
(JPG, 239KB)
United States Navy and United States Marine Corps
(JPG, 263KB)
United States Coast Guard
(JPG, 284KB)
United States Family Wall
(JPG, 233KB)
Home of the Free because of the Brave
(PNG, 989KB)
Back to top
Site Footer
Office Address
Flagler County Elections Office
Located in the Government Services Building
1769 E. Moody Boulevard
Building 2, Suite 101
Bunnell, FL 32110
View on Map
Office Hours:
Monday - Friday:
8:30 AM to 4:30 PM
Closed on
legal holidays
.
Poll Workers:
Online Training Portal
Official websites use .gov
A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use https
A lock or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Only share sensitive information on official, secure websites.
Site Footer
Mailing Address
Send mail to our PO Box:
Supervisor of Elections
P.O. Box 901
Bunnell, FL 32110
Site Footer
Contact Information
Phone:
(386) 313-4170
Toll-Free Spanish Hotline / Línea telefónica gratuita en español:
(800) 899-7962
Fax:
(386) 313-4171
TTY:
(386) 313-4729
Email form:
Contact Us
Flagler County Active Voter Registration Totals
Democrat:
Republican:
NPA:
Other:
Total:
Accessibility
|
Privacy Policy
|
Sitemap
|
Website Feedback
|
Contact Us
© 2026 Flagler County Elections Office |
Powered by
Granicus
