Military & Overseas Voter Registration | Orange County Florida | UOCAVA
Skip to content
Register to Vote
Search
Search
HOME
About
Your Supervisor of Elections
Meet Karen Castor Dentel
Learn more about the Orange County Supervisor of Elections and her leadership.
Our Mission, Vision & Values
Discover the principles behind our work and commitment to upholding free, fair, and secure elections.
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Get updates from our office in your inbox.
In The Community
See how we engage with and serve the Orange County community.
News & Legal Ads
Stay up to date with official announcements, press releases, and legal notices.
Media Inquiries
Find information and contacts for press/media-related requests.
General Information
Contact Us
Reach out for voting assistance, questions, or support.
Careers
Explore job opportunities and join our team.
Election Calendar
View key election dates and deadlines in one place.
Services A to Z
Browse services of the Orange County Supervisor of Elections Office.
FAQs
Get answers to frequently asked questions about voting and elections.
Disclaimer
Review important legal information about this website.
REGISTER
Register to Vote
Update Your Registration
Check Your Voter Information
Military & Overseas Voters
College & Student Voters
Restoration of Voting Rights
Third Party Voter Registration Organizations
ELECTIONS
Voting
Request A Mail Ballot
Easily request a Vote-by-Mail ballot.
Track Your Mail Ballot
Check the status of your Vote-by-Mail ballot from request to acceptance.
Vote Early
Learn when and where to vote before Election Day.
Election Day Voting
Find everything you need to vote on Election Day.
Find Your Polling Place
Locate your assigned polling place quickly.
Secure Ballot Intake Stations
Find safe and convenient locations to return a Vote-by-Mail ballot.
Accessibility
Learn about voting options and resources for voters with disabilities.
Provisional Ballots
Understand when and how provisional ballots are used.
Language Access Resources
Access voting materials and assistance in multiple languages.
Know Your Rights
Learn about your rights as a voter and how to protect them.
Upcoming Elections
Election Center
Your One-Stop Shop for the 2026 General Election
Election Calendar
View key election dates and deadlines in one place.
What’s On My Ballot?
Preview the candidates and measures that will appear on your ballot.
Municipal Elections
Get information on Orange County’s 13 municipal elections.
Petitions & Amendments
Learn about proposed changes and how they get on the ballot.
Public Meetings
Watch Now
View livestreams and watch recorded election-related
Canvassing Board
Access official meeting documents and records.
Election Calendar
View key election dates and deadlines in one place.
CANDIDATES
Run for Office
Getting Started As A Candidate
Find out how to begin your candidacy.
Candidate Qualifying
Stay on track with important candidate filing dates.
Campaign Finance
Learn about reporting requirements and financial regulations.
Campaign Finance Log In
Access our Campaign Financial Reporting System.
Data Access
Candidates are able to access data on the district they are running for.
Campaign Signs
Understand rules and guidelines for political signage.
Candidate & Elected Official Lists
Offices Up For Election
See which positions are on the ballot in upcoming elections.
Candidate List
Candidates running for office in Orange County.
Your Elected Officials
Find the local, state, and federal officials who represent you.
Parties & Committees
Political Parties & Committees
Explore information on parties and political committees.
Poll Watchers
Learn how poll watchers participate in the election process.
POLL WORKERS
Become A Poll Worker
Adopt-A-Precinct
PUBLIC RECORDS
Election Results
Campaign Finance Reports
Data & Statistics
Maps
Sample Ballots
Election Mail
Submit A Public Records Request
Home
/
Military & Overseas Voters
Military and Overseas Voters
If you are a United States uniformed services member on active duty, a Merchant Marine member, spouse or dependent thereof, or a United States citizen residing outside of the country, you can register to vote and request a vote-by-mail ballot by using the Federal Post Card Application (FPCA).
With the FPCA, you can select how you want your ballot delivered: forwardable mail, fax, or email.
Federal Post Card Application (Online assistant)
Federal Post Card Application (PDF)
You can also request a Vote-by-Mail ballot just like any other voter. Check out our
Vote-by-Mail
page to learn more.
Delivery of Vote-by-Mail Ballots
Vote-by-mail ballots are mailed to military and overseas citizens no later than 45 days before each election. You can ask to have your vote-by-mail ballot either faxed or emailed to you instead of receiving it by regular mail. If you include an email address with your vote-by-mail ballot request, we will notify you by email that your request has been received. We will also provide you the estimated date your ballot will be sent, and let you know when we receive your voted ballot.
Completing and Returning Your Vote-by-Mail Ballot
You will receive detailed instructions with your ballot. Be sure to sign the certificate on the envelope. Ballots without a signature or with a non-matching signature may not be counted. If there is an issue, we will attempt to contact you and give you an opportunity to resolve it.
Ballot Return Options
Mail
Send your vote-by-mail ballot as early as possible to allow time for postal delivery before every election deadline.
Delivery Service
Place your ballot and signed certificate in a separate envelope and send via USPS Priority Mail, FedEx, UPS, or another carrier.
Fax (Overseas voters only)
Civilian and military voters located overseas may return their ballot and signed certificate by fax. Instructions will be included with your ballot.
Ballot Return Deadline
In most cases, your ballot must be received by our office no later than 7 PM on Election Day. However, a 10-day return extension is available for overseas voters (civilian and military) during certain elections. Please note: This extension does not apply to domestic military voters.
The 10-day extension applies to the following election types:
Presidential Preference Primary
General Elections
Special Elections (Primary and General)
To qualify, your ballot must be postmarked or dated by Election Day and received within 10 days after Election Day.
Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB)
If you have not received your ballot two weeks before the election, contact us. If it is getting close to Election Day and you still have not received your vote-by-mail ballot, you can still vote for any federal office and state and local elections involving two or more candidates by using the Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB). For more information about the FPCA or FWAB,
visit the Federal Voting Assistance Program website
.
Federal Write-in Absentee Ballot (Online Assistant)
Federal Write-in Absentee Ballot (PDF)
Extended Voter Registration Deadline
In most cases, you must register to vote at least 29 days before an election. However, an extended deadline may apply if you, or an accompanying family member, fall into one of the following categories:
You were discharged or separated from the uniformed services or the U.S. Merchant Marine
You returned from a military deployment or activation
You separated from employment outside the territorial limits of the United States
Under these circumstances, you may register until 5 PM on the Friday before Election Day.
If you believe you qualify, please contact us. We’re here to assist you.
Useful Links
Visit our
Vote-By-Mail
page to track the status of your Vote-by-Mail ballot.
Download a Public Records Exemption Request Form (PDF)
Please fax your completed forms to 407-254-6577.
Home
About
REGISTER
VOTE!
RUN FOR OFFICE
POLL WORKERS
PUBLIC RECORDS
FOLLOW US
2026 © Orange County Supervisor of Elections
All rights Reserved
