Military & Overseas Citizens Voting | Charlotte County Elections, FL
Loading
Skip to Main Content
About
Election Information
Voter Information
Candidates & Elected Officials
How-To Videos
Search
Request a Vote-By-Mail Ballot
Voting by Mail
Military & Overseas Citizens Voting
Home
Voter Information
Vote-By-Mail
Military & Overseas Citizens Voting
Military & Overseas Citizens Voting
1. Who is Eligible?
The
Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA)
ensures eligible citizens can apply to register to vote and request a vote-by-mail (absentee ballot). Citizens covered under UOCAVA include:
Uniformed Service Members:
Active-duty members of the U.S. Armed Forces, Merchant Marine, Commissioned Corps of the Public Health Service, and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).
Eligible Family Members:
Spouses and dependents of uniformed service members.
Overseas Citizens:
U.S. citizens residing outside the United States, including military personnel stationed abroad and other U.S. citizens living overseas.
Note:
Domestic military voters residing in their own voting jurisdictions are
not
covered under UOCAVA and should vote via standard methods.
2. How to Register & Request a Ballot
You may register to vote and request a Vote-by-Mail ballot using the
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) (PDF)
. The FPCA form is made available through the
Federal Voting Assistance Program (FVAP)
.
Form Duration:
The FPCA request for a Vote-by-Mail ballot is valid for all elections through the next regularly scheduled general election.
Submission:
Send a completed FPCA containing your original signature to the Supervisor of Elections.
Standard Deadline:
It must arrive no later than
29 days
before the election.
Late Registration Exception:
Pursuant to
97.055, F.S.
, an individual or accompanying family member who has been discharged or separated from the uniformed services or the U.S. Merchant Marine, or has returned from a military deployment after the book closing date (29 days before an election) and who is otherwise qualified, may register to vote in such election until
5:00 PM on the Friday before that election
in the office of the Supervisor of Elections. You must produce sufficient documentation showing evidence of eligibility for late registration.
Alternative Request Methods
You may also request a ballot by phone or written request using the contact information below. Please include your name, address, date of birth, status (military, spouse of military, or overseas), postal address, and email address.
Charlotte County Supervisor of Elections Vote-by-Mail Contact Information:
Phone:
941-833-5400
Email:
VBM@SOECharlotteCountyFL.gov
Fax:
941-833-5434
3. Receiving Your Ballot
Ballots for UOCAVA voters are mailed no later than
45 days
in advance of the election.
By Mail:
Your ballot will be mailed to the mailing address on your Vote-by-Mail request form.
By Email/Fax:
Overseas military, absent stateside military, and overseas civilians may have a Vote-by-Mail ballot emailed or faxed (depending on your request) in lieu of receiving it by regular mail, provided a valid email address is supplied.
4. Returning Your Ballot
Important:
The method of return depends on your location.
Voter Status
Return Method
Stateside Military & Family
Must
MAIL
their ballots to us.
Overseas Citizens & Military
May
MAIL
or
FAX
voted ballots.
Fax Number:
941-833-5434
5. Critical Deadlines
Stateside Uniformed Voters
Receipt:
To be accepted and counted, a voted Vote-by-Mail ballot from an absent stateside uniformed services voter must be received by the Supervisor of Elections no later than
7:00 PM on Election Day
in the time zone for the county in which the voter is registered.
Overseas Voters
Extension:
Overseas voters casting ballots in a Presidential Preference Primary or General Election are allowed a 10-day extension.
Postmark:
The ballot must be postmarked or dated no later than
Election Day
.
Receipt:
It must be received by the Supervisor of Elections of the county in which the voter is registered no later than
10 days after Election Day
.
6. Provisional Ballots
(See sections
101.048
and
101.043
, Florida Statutes, and
Rule 1S-2.037
, Florida Administrative Code)
If your eligibility to vote cannot be determined, you will be allowed to vote a provisional ballot. A person casting a provisional ballot may present written evidence supporting his or her eligibility to vote to the Supervisor of Elections no later than
5:00 PM on the second day following the election
.
Contact Information
Phone:
941-833-5400
Fax:
941-833-5434
Register to Vote
Vote-By-Mail
Where Do I Vote?
My Registration Status
Election Workers
Candidates
Englewood Annex
Mac V. Horton West County Annex
6868 San Casa Drive, Englewood, FL 34224
Phone:
941-833-5400
Hours: Mon - Fri, 8 AM - 5 PM
Main Office
Charlotte County Supervisor of Elections
226 Taylor St. Punta Gorda, FL 33950
Phone:
941-833-5400
Hours: Mon - Fri, 8 AM - 5 PM
Murdock Annex
Charlotte County Administrative Building
18500 Murdock Circle, Port Charlotte, FL 33948
Phone:
941-833-5400
Hours: Mon - Fri, 8 AM - 5 PM
Home
Site Map
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
