Register to Vote | Flagler County Elections Office
Skip to main content
opens in new tab or window
Quick Links
Facebook
X
NextDoor
Instagram
Contact Us
English
Select this as your preferred language
Spanish
Select this as your preferred language
Select a language to translate to
English
Select this as your preferred language
Spanish
Select this as your preferred language
Open
Search
Menu
Register to Vote
My Voter Info
Am I Registered to Vote?
Update My Voter Registration
Online Voter Registration
Find Your Precinct
Public Record Exemptions
Signature Updates
Voter Registration Cancellation
Elections
Upcoming Elections in Flagler County
2026 General Election
Closed Primary Elections
How to Vote
Early Voting
Vote-By-Mail
Election Day Voting
ID Required to Vote
Election Results
Live Election Turnout
Military Overseas Voting
Past Elections
Provisional Ballot Lookup
What Is Book Closing?
Student Voting
Candidates
Becoming a Candidate
Candidate Resources
File Download
Initiative Petitions
Local Candidates and Committees
Online Financial Reporting
Office Seal Usage Policy
Political Parties
Search Candidate Reports
Get Involved
About Us
About the Elections Office
Meet your Supervisor of Elections
Employment
Office Holidays
Office Seal Usage Policy
Election Security
Election Canvassing Board
Flagler County Election Security
Mail Ballot FAQ
Official Election Mail
Our Voting System
News
Monthly Newsletter
News Articles
Legal Notices
Ballot Material Inspection
Election Notices
Voter Eligibility Notices
Poll Workers
Become a Poll Worker
Programs and Events
Adopt a Precinct
Events
FSE Scholarship
School Elections
Veterans Photo Display Wall
Voter's Guide Cover Design Contest
Research & Data
Current Elected Officials
Districts & Precincts
Election Results
Public Records
Voter Registration Statistics
Voter Education
2026 Voter's Guide
Civil Rights - Your Right to Vote
Electoral College
Florida Civics - 101
History of Our Flag
History of Voting
Myth Versus Fact
Outreach Events Calendar
Outreach Request Form
Contact Us
Search
Home
/
Register to Vote
Register to Vote
To register to vote, you must:
Be a U.S. citizen
Be a legal resident of Flagler County
Be 18 years old (you may pre-register if you are 16 or 17, but must be 18 to vote)
Not be adjudicated mentally incapacitated with respect to voting in Florida or any other state
Not been convicted of a felony without your
civil rights
having been restored pursuant to law
Not claim the right to vote in another county or state
How to Register
Online
Florida citizens may use online voter registration to register to vote or update their registration details. Use the following link to register to vote online:
Florida Online Voter Registration System
By Mail
We accept paper registration forms by US mail. To register to vote by mail, complete and print this application in PDF format:
English:
Florida Voter Registration Application
Spanish:
Solicitud de inscripción de votante de Florida
Mail your completed application to:
Supervisor of Elections
P.O. Box 901
Bunnell, FL 32110
If you prefer, hand deliver your completed application to the Supervisor of Elections Office at 1769 E. Moody Blvd, Building 2, Suite 101, Bunnell. You may also call the Flagler County Elections Office at (386) 313-4170 to have an application mailed to you.
Please Note:
If you register by mail and you have never voted in Florida, and you have not been issued a Florida Drivers License, Florida Identification Card or Social Security Number, you will be required to provide additional identification prior to voting the first time. To assure that you will not have problems when you go to vote, you should provide a copy of the required identification at the time you mail your voter registration application.
In Person
Voter Registration Locations
Supervisor of Elections Office
1769 E. Moody Boulevard, Building 2, Suite 101
Bunnell, FL 32110
(386) 313-4170
Monday - Friday from 8:30 A.M. - 4:30 P.M.
Department of Motor Vehicles / Drivers License Division, County Tax Collector
1769 E Moody Boulevard, Building 2, Suite 102
Bunnell, FL 32110
or
213 St Joe Plaza
Palm Coast, FL 32164
or
2525 Moody Blvd.
Flagler Beach, FL 32136
(386) 313-4160
Monday - Friday from 8:30 A.M. - 4:30 P.M.
Flagler County Public Library
2500 Palm Coast Parkway
Palm Coast, FL 32137
(386) 446-6763
Monday - Thursday from 9:00 A.M. - 8:00 P.M.
Friday from 9:00 A.M. - 6:00 P.M.
Saturday from 9:00 A.M. - 5:00 P.M.
Flagler Beach Library
309 S. 7th Street
Flagler Beach, FL 32136
(386) 517-2030
Monday - Closed
Tuesday from 1:00 P.M. - 8:00 P.M.
Wednesday from 10:00 A.M. - 5:00 P.M.
Thursday from 1:00 P.M. - 5:00 P.M.
Friday and Saturday from 10:00 A.M. - 5:00 P.M.
Flagler County Health Department
301 S. Lemon Street
Bunnell, FL 32110
(386) 437-7350
Have you recently moved to Florida? Cancel your voter registration in your previous state of residence!
Your voter registration record is not automatically removed in another state when you register to vote in Florida. You must contact your previous state, county, or local jurisdiction to cancel your voter registration.
States and local jurisdictions have different options for voters who wish to cancel their voter registration. Some states allow for voters to utilize an online portal to withdraw their voter registration, while some states and jurisdictions have made PDF versions of their cancellation forms available online.
More information:
EAC Voter Registration Cancellation
Photo & Signature Identification Is Required In Florida
If you register by mail and you have never voted in Florida, and you have not been issued a Florida Driver License, Florida Identification Card or Social Security Number, you will be required to provide additional identification prior to voting the first time. To assure that you will not have problems when you go to vote, you should provide a copy of the required identification at the time you mail your voter registration application.
All voters are required to provide ID containing photo and signature at the time of voting in the polling place. Without proper identification, a voter will be permitted to vote a provisional ballot. Here is a list of the acceptable forms of identification in Florida:
List of IDs Required to Vote
Out of state or expired ID's will NOT be accepted.
Make sure you bring a proper ID with you when you vote!
When To Register
You can apply to register to vote at any time. However, registration books close 29 days before each election.
You must be registered for at least 29 days before you can vote in an election. If you mail your registration application, the date your application is postmarked will be your registration date. If your application is complete and you are a qualified voter, a voter information card will be mailed to you.
Your Flagler County voter registration will permit you to vote in national, state, county and municipal elections, if you live in a municipality. Registration is permanent as long as you remain a legal resident of Flagler County, notify us of any change of address, and do not lose your civil rights due to a felony conviction or adjudication of mental incompetence.
Party Affiliation
You may register in any political party of your choice or register with no party affiliation; however, only registered party members may vote in their party's primary.
Exception: If all candidates for an office have the same party affiliation and the winner will have no opposition in the General election, then all qualified voters, regardless of party affiliation, may vote in the Primary election for that office. When this happens, it is called a "Universal Primary Contest."
Nonpartisan judicial, school board, and municipal offices are included in a Primary election. All registered voters are entitled to vote on these nonpartisan offices and on any issues in a Primary election.
During General elections, all voters receive the same ballot and may vote for any candidates or questions on the ballot.
Am I Already Registered To Vote?
Use this online voter lookup tool to check your voter registration status:
Flagler County Voter Lookup
Back to top
Site Footer
Office Address
Flagler County Elections Office
Located in the Government Services Building
1769 E. Moody Boulevard
Building 2, Suite 101
Bunnell, FL 32110
View on Map
Office Hours:
Monday - Friday:
8:30 AM to 4:30 PM
Closed on
legal holidays
.
Poll Workers:
Online Training Portal
Official websites use .gov
A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use https
A lock or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Only share sensitive information on official, secure websites.
Site Footer
Mailing Address
Send mail to our PO Box:
Supervisor of Elections
P.O. Box 901
Bunnell, FL 32110
Site Footer
Contact Information
Phone:
(386) 313-4170
Toll-Free Spanish Hotline / Línea telefónica gratuita en español:
(800) 899-7962
Fax:
(386) 313-4171
TTY:
(386) 313-4729
Email form:
Contact Us
Flagler County Active Voter Registration Totals
Democrat:
Republican:
NPA:
Other:
Total:
Accessibility
|
Privacy Policy
|
Sitemap
|
Website Feedback
|
Contact Us
© 2026 Flagler County Elections Office |
Powered by
Granicus
