Overseas and Military Voters
Skip to main content
Alina Garcia
Supervisor of Elections
Miami-Dade County
305-499-8683
Menu
Be Election Ready
Be Election Ready
Find all the information you need to ensure you are election ready.
Upcoming and Past Elections
Take a look at scheduled elections coming up in 2026 and 2027, as well as past elections
going back to 2025, with access to older election data.
Register to Vote
Read the requirements to register to vote in Miami-Dade County, as well as how to
update your voter information.
Voter Information
Get personalized voter information, including your sample ballot and polling place.
You can also request a vote-by-mail ballot, check its status and make changes to your
voter information.
Three Ways to Vote
Read about early voting, voting by mail and voting on Election Day.
Voter Toolkit
Understand the voting process and be sure you have everything you need when you go
vote.
Petition Amendments, Initiatives & Referendums
Citizens can petition to propose state amendments, as well as Miami-Dade and municipal
initiatives and referendums, to go up for a vote if certain requirements are met.
Voters with Special Needs
Voters with disabilities have multiple voting options that meet Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA) standards.
Provisional Voting
A provisional ballot shall be issued to a person who may not meet voter requirements.
The ballot is then reviewed by the Canvassing Board.
Overseas and Military Voters
Overseas and military voters who are Miami-Dade County residents can access resources
to participate in local elections.
Restoration of Voting Rights
If you are convicted of a felony, you lose the right to vote in Florida until your
voting rights are restored.
Candidates & Campaigns
Candidates & Campaigns
Resources for anyone who wants to run for office as well as political campaigns.
Information for Candidates
Valuable information for candidates and those looking to run for office, including
County candidates’ qualifying documents and campaign finance reports.
Candidate Qualifying Handbook
Read laws and details about running for a Miami-Dade County office.
Political Committees
Learn everything you need to know about forming a political committee.
Poll Watchers
Each political party and each candidate may have one poll watcher in each voting location
or early voting area at any one time during an election.
Statistics & Historical Data
Statistics & Historical Data
Access election results, data and more election-related information.
Past Election Results
Access past statistics and results of elections.
Current Precincts, Districts and Municipalities
Get breakdowns of current voting precincts, districts and municipalities, including
municipal codes, after 2023 reprecincting.
Voter Registration Statistics
Review current and past voter registration data broken down by political party, precinct,
demographics and more.
Redistricting
Every 10 years, the Florida Legislature and certain local jurisdictions redraw districts
from which Florida voters elect local, state and federal government officials.
Reprecincting
After redistricting, the Supervisor of Elections updates the county’s voting precincts
to conform the precinct boundaries to the new district boundaries.
Election Calendar Archive
Access elections that have been scheduled from 2009 to 2024.
Sample Ballots Archive
Access sample ballots from past elections from 2004 to 2024.
Poll Workers
News & Legal Notices
News & Legal Notices
Access press releases and legal notices from the Office of the Supervisor of Elections.
News Releases
Read news releases published by the Office of the Supervisor of Elections.
Legal Notices
Access legal notices, including lists of potentially ineligible voters.
About Us
About Us
Read about the Office of the Supervisor of Elections.
Supervisor of Elections Alina Garcia
A biography of Alina Garcia, Miami-Dade County's Supervisor of Elections.
Contact Us
Contact the office of the Miami-Dade County Supervisor of Elections.
Community Outreach
Request Supervisor of Elections staff to discuss election topics with your group or
organization.
Join Our Team
Help ensure safe, secure and accessible elections by joining the Miami-Dade County
Supervisor of Elections team as a poll worker or election employee.
Elections Document Requests
A variety of items are available to assist candidates, committees, political parties,
government agencies, courts, students, media and interested citizens.
Elections Integrity & Security
The Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections is committed to ensuring the ongoing integrity
and security of the voting process.
Annual Reports
The Annual Report highlights the notable accomplishments made by the Miami-Dade County
Office of the Supervisor of Elections each year.
Home
>
Be Election Ready
>
Overseas and Military Voters
Overseas and Military Voters
The
Federal Voting Assistance Program
(FVAP) provides resources and assistance under the
Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA
), allowing overseas and military citizens and their families to participate in elections from anywhere in the world. Their website offers a
Voting Assistance Guide
and other important forms.
How to Register to Vote
Visit the Federal Voting Assistance Program to obtain a
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
. You can either complete it using their online tool or download it
A printer is required to complete the process
You can also obtain an FPCA from a Voting Assistance Officer (VAO)
Military Voters
Visit the Federal Voting Assistance Program to obtain a
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
. You can either complete it using their online tool or download it
A printer is required to complete the process
Alternatively, you can register to vote using
Florida Online Voter Registration
Be sure to indicate your military status so the Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections can update your record
Note:
An original signature is required when registering to vote.
Updates to Your Voter Registration Record
Overseas or military voters can make changes to their name, party affiliation, address or signature using the
FPCA
An original signature is required for these updates
Mail the FPCA to:
Office of the Supervisor of Elections
P.O. Box 521250
Miami, FL 33152
Note: Do not send the FPCA by email or fax
Late Registration
Military voters or their family members discharged or separated from the Uniformed Services, Merchant Marine or employment outside the territorial limits of the U.S. may register after the deadline, up until 5 p.m. on the Friday before an election.
How to Request a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Overseas and military voters registered in Miami-Dade County can use the
FPCA
to request a vote-by-mail ballot
The FPCA can be submitted by mail, email, or fax for vote-by-mail requests
Using the FPCA allows voters to choose how they receive their ballot (by mail, email or fax)
The deadline to request a vote-by-mail ballot is 5 p.m. on the 12th day before the election. Postmarked requests are not valid
A vote-by-mail ballot request expires on Dec. 31 following each general election
Returning an Overseas Vote-by-Mail Ballot for Presidential Preference Primary and
General Elections
Ballots returned by fax must be received by 7 p.m. on Election Day
Ballots returned by mail will be counted if postmarked no later than Election Day and received within ten days after the election
Returning a Regular Vote-by-Mail Ballot for Other Elections
After returning your vote-by-mail ballot, you can
track the status or your ballot online
.
Customized Voter Information
Get personalized voter information, including your sample ballot and polling place. You can also request a vote-by-mail ballot, check its status and make changes to your voter information.
Get Your Voter Information
Contact Information
Customer Service
305-499-VOTE (8683)
Fax Number
305-499-8547
TTY
305-499-8480
Office of the Supervisor of Elections
2700 NW 87th Avenue
Miami, Florida 33172
Phone: 305-499-VOTE (8683)
Office of the Supervisor of Elections Branch Office
Stephen P. Clark Center lobby area
111 NW 1st Street
Miami, Florida 33128
Featured Links
Voters with Special Needs
Current Precincts, Districts and Municipalities
Petition Amendments, Initiatives and Referendums
Resources
Florida Division of Elections
Florida Elections Commission
Miami-Dade Commission on Ethics and Public Trust
Help and Support
Privacy Statement
ADA Notice
Disclaimer
©
Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections. All rights reserved.
