Military Overseas Voters Resources | Nassau County Supervisor of Elections
An official government website.
Here's how you know ➞
Meet Janet
Committees
Community
Forms
News
Notices
Accessibility Policy
Canvassing Board
Election Advertisements
Election Audit Results
Employment Application
Potential Ineligible Voters
Privacy Policy
Public Records Fee Schedule
Contact
×
— A Public Off
ice is a Public Trust —
Voters
Accessible Ballot
Check My Provisional Ballot Status
Check My Voter & Ballot Status
Elected Officials
Maps & Districts
Military & Overseas Voters
Precinct Wait Times
Register to Vote
Report Fraud
Rights & Responsibilities
Sign Up for Ballot Notifications
Update My Voter Information
Voter Guides
Voter Registration Agencies
Where Do I Vote?
Candidates
Announced Candidates and Committees
Candidate Dashboard
Candidate FAQs
Forms & Publications
Offices Up for Election
Request to Review Ballot Materials
Elections
Constitutional Amendments
Early Voting
Election Day
Election Night Results
Election Security
Election Workers
Initiative Petitions
Political Parties
Sample Ballot
Secure Ballot Intake Stations (Drop Boxes)
Upcoming Elections
Vote By Mail
Vote By Mail Request Form
Vote by Mail Counts
Voter Turnout
Research
Common Violations
Division of Elections Advisory Opinions
Election Data Archives
Election Laws
Florida Constitution
Voting Equipment
Military & Overseas Voters
Military & Overseas Voters
Home
/
Voters
/
Military & Overseas Voters
Resources for Overseas & Military Citizens
The Federal Voting Assistance Program (FVAP) provides resources and assistance that allow overseas and military citizens and their families to participate in elections from anywhere in the world. On their site, you'll find a Voting Assistance Guide, as well as important forms, including the Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) and the Federal Write-in Absentee Ballot (FWAB). You'll also find an explanation of the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA).
Federal Voting Assistance Program
Voting Assistance Guide
Federal Post Card Application
Federal Write-in Absentee Ballot
Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act
Registering and Requesting a Ballot
The
Federal Post Card Application
is the form that permits uniformed and overseas citizens to simultaneously register and request Vote By Mail ballots in the state or territory where they last resided immediately prior to departing the United States, even if they no longer maintain a residence in that state. If you reside outside the U.S., or you are an absent uniformed services voter, your ballot will be mailed at least 45 days before an election.
To register and request an absentee ballot in the State of Florida:
01.
Send a completed FPCA to the Supervisor of Elections office so that it arrives not later than 29 days before the election.
If you maintain a Florida residence, you will receive a ballot containing all local, state, and Federal races for which you are eligible to vote.
If you are or were a registered voter and no longer maintain a Florida residence but you intend to return, you will receive a ballot with all state and Federal races.
If you were never registered in Florida and no longer maintain a Florida residence but this is the last place you lived, you will receive a ballot for Federal races only.
NOTE: BALLOTS CANNOT BE FORWARDED. Be sure to provide your current mailing address.
02.
If you are already registered in Nassau County and you wish to request absentee ballots, send the completed FPCA to the Supervisor of Elections office so that it arrives not later than the Friday before the election. Alternatively, you can use any of our regular methods for requesting Vote By Mail.
03.
An FPCA application for an absentee ballot is effective for all elections through the next regularly scheduled general election.
04.
The FPCA does not require postage if mailed within the U.S. postal system, including all U.S. military post offices (APO/FPO) overseas as well as diplomatic pouches.
Accessible Ballot / Accessible Sample Ballot / UOCAVA Ballot PDF
Late Registration
If you or a family member have been discharged or separated from the Uniformed Services, Merchant Marine, or from employment outside the territorial limits of the United States, you may register after the registration deadline for an election until 5 p.m. on the Friday before that election.
Electronic Transmission of Ballots
If you are an overseas voter, or are an absent uniformed services voter, you may request to receive your ballots by fax or e-mail.
You may also
request a Vote by Mail ballot online and download your UOCAVA Ballot PDF.
Your request must include:
Your Name
Your date of birth
Your county of residence
One of the following:
A return fax number, if the ballot is to be faxed.
An APO/FPO or other deliverable overseas address, if the ballot is to be mailed.
An email address if the ballot is to be emailed
Your signature (faxed request only)
If you want your ballot to be faxed, your request is valid only for the upcoming election or the one election you specify.
State Write-In Ballot
Overseas voters who cannot be reached to deliver an absentee ballot in time for the General Election may request a state write-in ballot not earlier than 180 days before an election. Your request must state that due to military or other contingencies that preclude normal mail delivery, you cannot vote an absentee ballot during the normal absentee period. State write-in ballots will be mailed between 90 and 180 days prior to the General Election.
Federal Write-In Ballot
The Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot is a back-up ballot that may be used for Federal races only if all of these conditions apply:
You are located outside the United States, including APO and FPO addresses.
You have applied for a regular absentee ballot early enough so that we have received your request at least 30 days before the election. The FPCA may be used to request your regular Florida absentee ballot.
You have not received the requested regular Florida absentee ballot.
Casting Your Ballot
You may return your voted ballot by mail, courier or fax. You cannot return your ballot via email, because state law requires an original signature on the ballot certificate envelope. Voted ballots must be received by 7 p.m. Election Day.
Late Counting of Overseas Ballots
If you are an overseas voter, the Federal portion of your ballot will be counted if the ballot envelope is dated or postmarked no later than the day of the election and received up to 10 days after a General Election or Presidential Primary Election.
Ballots that are returned by fax are not included in the late counting of ballots.
Official Election Mail will contain the following symbol.
Address
James S. Page Governmental Complex
96135 Nassau Place, Suite 3
Yulee, FL 32097
Contact
Hours:
8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday
Phone:
904-491-7500
Toll Free:
1-866-260-4301
Fax:
904-432-1400
Email:
[email protected]
Social
Under Florida law, email addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Service
|
Cookie Policy
Official websites use .gov
A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A lock () or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
Share by:
