Register to Vote | Hillsborough County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
Voting
Elections
Candidates & Committees
Maps & Data
General Info
Search
Online Florida Voter Registration Application
Register to Vote
Update Voter Registration Information
Cancel Voter Registration
Home
Voting
Register or Update Information
Register to Vote
Register to Vote
Online Application
The quickest way to register to vote is to use the
online Florida Voter Registration Application
. The online application is available in English and Spanish.
You will need a Florida driver license or Florida ID and the last four digits of your social security number to submit the application online. If you don't have them, you can fill the application out online, print it, and then deliver it to our office.
Downloadable / Printable Applications
English:
Florida Voter Registration Application (PDF)
Español:
Solicitud de inscripción de votante de Florida (PDF)
You can also fill out voter registration applications at
any of our offices
or a
designated voter registration agency
.
Eligibility
You are eligible to vote in Florida, if:
You are a citizen of the United States of America
You are a Florida resident
You are at least 18 years old (you may pre-register to vote at the age of 16, but you cannot vote until you are 18 years old)
You have not been adjudicated mentally incapacitated with respect to voting in Florida or any other state
You have not been convicted of a felony, or have been convicted of a felony and had your voting rights restored
The Voting Rights Restoration Amendment (Amendment 4) restored the voting rights of Floridians with felony convictions after they complete all terms of their sentence including parole and probation. The amendment does not apply to those convicted of murder or sexual offenses. If you have questions about whether your voting rights have been restored, visit the
Voters with Felony Convictions page
for more information.
The Application
Make sure to include your legal residential address on the application. A commercial address or P.O. Box is not acceptable, since you vote for representatives based on where you live. If you don't receive your mail at your residence, you may include a mailing address on the form, as well.
On the voter registration application, you'll be asked to select a political party or choose "no party affiliation."
Learn more about Florida's political parties on this page
.
If your application is complete and you meet the requirements to be registered to vote, we will mail you a Voter Information Card. If you do not receive your card within
4 weeks
, or if you have any questions, call our office at 813-744-5900.
Once your application has been processed, you will be able to
check your voter registration status
.
Reminder
: If you aren't already registered in Florida, you
must
register at least 29 days before an election to vote in that election.
If you're already registered to vote in Hillsborough County and would like to make changes to your voter registration information,
visit the Update Voter Registration Information page
.
Register to Vote or Update Info
Request and Track Vote By Mail
Get Election Information
Contact
Office Hours:
8 am to 5 pm
Main Phone:
813-744-5900
Toll Free:
888-297-4362
Fred B. Karl County Center
601 E. Kennedy Blvd., 16th Floor, Tampa, FL 33602
Tel:
813-272-5850
Fax: 813-272-7043
Robert L. Gilder Elections Service Center
2514 North Falkenburg Rd., Tampa, FL 33619
Tel:
813-744-5900
Fax: 813-744-5843
Northwest Regional Office
4575 Gunn Hwy., Tampa, FL 33624
Southeast Regional Office
10020 South U.S. Hwy. 301, Riverview, FL 33578
SouthShore Regional Service Center
410 30th St. SE, Ruskin, FL 33570
Accessibility Statement
|
Privacy Policy
|
Copyright Notices
Please note: Florida has a very broad public records law. Voter registration applications and other written communications to or from the Supervisor of Elections are public records and are available to the public and media upon request unless the information is subject to a specific statutory exemption. Email addresses are also public records. If you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request, please do not email us. Instead, contact us by mail or phone, or visit us in person.
To request public records,
visit this page
.
For questions about public records,
email Public Records
or call
813-744-5900
.
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
