Military / Overseas | Marion County Elections, FL
This website is AudioEye enabled and is being optimized for accessibility. To open the AudioEye Toolbar, press "shift + =". Some assistive technologies may require the use of a passthrough function before this keystroke. For more information, activate the button labeled "Explore your accessibility options".
Loading
Skip to Main Content
About
Voters
Elections
Campaigns
Community
Search
Accessible Ballot
Military / Overseas
Vote Early
Vote on Election Day
Vote-By-Mail
Check Your Mail Ballot Status
Correct a Signature Mismatch
Forgot to Sign Your Mail Ballot?
Request a Vote-By-Mail Ballot
Secure Ballot Intake Stations
Track Your Mail Ballot
Vote-By-Mail Forms
Home
Voters
Ways to Vote
Military / Overseas
Military / Overseas
UOCAVA
The
Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act
(UOCAVA) of 1986 protects the voting rights of members of the Uniformed Services (on active duty), members of the Merchant Marine and their eligible dependents, Commissioner Corps of the Public Health Service, Commissioned Corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and U.S. citizens residing outside the U.S.
Registering & Requesting your Ballot
UOCAVA citizens can use the
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
to:
Register to vote
Request a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Update Voter Registration Information
You may also register to vote online by visiting the
Register to Vote Florida website
or by
contacting us
to request a voter registration application or a vote-by-mail ballot to be sent to you.
How to Obtain a Florida Post Card Application
Online
The
FVAP website
offers an online assistant that walks you through completion of the form and provides a populated fillable PDF. Once completed, do not forget to print and sign the form before submitting it.
Hardcopy
Hard copies of the form are available at all military installations and U.S. embassies and consulates worldwide.
Submitting an FPCA
If you are using the FPCA to register to vote, you must mail the form. Send your completed FPCA to the Supervisor of Elections office so that it arrives not later than 29 days before the election.
If you are already registered and are using the FPCA to request a vote-by-mail ballot, you can mail, email, or fax your signed form. Send your completed FPCA to the Supervisor of Elections office so that it arrives not later than 12 days before the election.
Unsure if you are registered?
Check your voter registration status by using our
Online Voter Information Tool
.
Mail your FPCA
to:
Marion County Election Center
P.O. Box 289
Ocala, FL 34478-0289
If mailing the FPCA through the U.S. Postal Service, APO/FPO, or diplomatic pouch, it can be sent postage-paid using the mail indicia available at the FVAP website. Mailing the FPCA using a foreign country's postal service requires local postage and should have "USA" in the address line of the mailing envelope or folded hardcopy form.
Email or fax your FPCA
:
Email your FPCA
Fax your FPCA: 352-620-3286 or 866-627-3286
Late Registration (No Later Than 29 Days Before the Election)
You or a family member can register later than the 29-day deadline provided you are otherwise qualified, registered by 5 pm the Friday before the election, and you have:
Been discharged or separated from the uniformed services or the U.S. Merchant Marine
Returned from a military deployment or activation
Separated from employment outside the territorial limits of the United States
Receiving Your Ballot
Supervisors of Elections must mail vote-by-mail ballots to military and overseas citizens
no later than 45 days before each election
; however, you may request that your vote-by-mail ballot be faxed or emailed to you. If you include an email address with your vote-by-mail ballot request, the Supervisor will notify you by email that your request has been received. The Supervisor will also provide you with the estimated date the ballot will be sent to you and let you know when he or she receives your voted ballot.
Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot
If you do not receive your requested vote-by-mail ballot in time, a Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB) can be requested as a backup to vote for any federal, state, or local races. These conditions must apply:
You are registered and eligible to vote in this election.
You are an absent stateside or overseas uniformed services personnel, or a spouse or dependent absent because of the uniformed services personnel, or an overseas U.S. citizen.
You have requested that a regular vote-by-mail ballot be mailed prior to the deadline, 12 days prior to the election.
You have not received the requested regular ballot
A FWAB can be obtained from your Voting Assistance Officer (VAO) or from the
FVAP website
.
Voting Your Ballot
Carefully read and follow the instructions that are included with your vote-by-mail ballot to ensure your vote is counted. Failure to sign and date the voter's certificate may result in your ballot not being counted.
Returning your Ballot
You may return your voted ballot by mail, courier, or fax. You currently
cannot return your ballot via email
because
state law requires an original signature
.
Return the voted ballot so that the Supervisor of Elections receives it no later than 7 pm on Election Day.
Extra Time for Counting of Overseas Ballots
A 10-day extension exists only for overseas voters in a Presidential Preference Primary or General Election. The ballot will be counted, provided the ballot is postmarked or dated no later than the date of the election and received by our office no later than 10 days after the date of the election.
How to Track your Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Any voter who requests a vote-by-mail ballot can track his or her
Mail Ballot Status
to check current and future vote-by-mail requests and see when the ballot was sent and received by our office. Using the online tool, type in the voter's information and scroll down to the current or past elections and click "Show My Mail Ballot Information."
Additional Resources
Federal Voting Assistance Program
U.S. Election Assistance Commission
Overseas Vote
View All Quick Links
Additional Resources
/QuickLinks.aspx
Questions
Email the Vote-by-Mail Department
Register to Vote
My Mail Ballot
Update My Info
Where Do I Vote?
Early Voting
Am I Registered?
Marion County Election Center
P.O. Box 289
Ocala, FL 34478-0289
981 NE 16
th
Street
Ocala, FL 34470
Monday through Friday: 8:30 am to 4:30 pm
P:
352-620-3290
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
Hi, how can I help?
Explore your accessibility options
