Current Precincts, Districts and Municipalities
Skip to main content
Alina Garcia
Supervisor of Elections
Miami-Dade County
305-499-8683
Menu
Be Election Ready
Be Election Ready
Find all the information you need to ensure you are election ready.
Upcoming and Past Elections
Take a look at scheduled elections coming up in 2026 and 2027, as well as past elections
going back to 2025, with access to older election data.
Register to Vote
Read the requirements to register to vote in Miami-Dade County, as well as how to
update your voter information.
Voter Information
Get personalized voter information, including your sample ballot and polling place.
You can also request a vote-by-mail ballot, check its status and make changes to your
voter information.
Three Ways to Vote
Read about early voting, voting by mail and voting on Election Day.
Voter Toolkit
Understand the voting process and be sure you have everything you need when you go
vote.
Petition Amendments, Initiatives & Referendums
Citizens can petition to propose state amendments, as well as Miami-Dade and municipal
initiatives and referendums, to go up for a vote if certain requirements are met.
Voters with Special Needs
Voters with disabilities have multiple voting options that meet Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA) standards.
Provisional Voting
A provisional ballot shall be issued to a person who may not meet voter requirements.
The ballot is then reviewed by the Canvassing Board.
Overseas and Military Voters
Overseas and military voters who are Miami-Dade County residents can access resources
to participate in local elections.
Restoration of Voting Rights
If you are convicted of a felony, you lose the right to vote in Florida until your
voting rights are restored.
Candidates & Campaigns
Candidates & Campaigns
Resources for anyone who wants to run for office as well as political campaigns.
Information for Candidates
Valuable information for candidates and those looking to run for office, including
County candidates’ qualifying documents and campaign finance reports.
Candidate Qualifying Handbook
Read laws and details about running for a Miami-Dade County office.
Political Committees
Learn everything you need to know about forming a political committee.
Poll Watchers
Each political party and each candidate may have one poll watcher in each voting location
or early voting area at any one time during an election.
Statistics & Historical Data
Statistics & Historical Data
Access election results, data and more election-related information.
Past Election Results
Access past statistics and results of elections.
Current Precincts, Districts and Municipalities
Get breakdowns of current voting precincts, districts and municipalities, including
municipal codes, after 2023 reprecincting.
Voter Registration Statistics
Review current and past voter registration data broken down by political party, precinct,
demographics and more.
Redistricting
Every 10 years, the Florida Legislature and certain local jurisdictions redraw districts
from which Florida voters elect local, state and federal government officials.
Reprecincting
After redistricting, the Supervisor of Elections updates the county’s voting precincts
to conform the precinct boundaries to the new district boundaries.
Election Calendar Archive
Access elections that have been scheduled from 2009 to 2024.
Sample Ballots Archive
Access sample ballots from past elections from 2004 to 2024.
Poll Workers
News & Legal Notices
News & Legal Notices
Access press releases and legal notices from the Office of the Supervisor of Elections.
News Releases
Read news releases published by the Office of the Supervisor of Elections.
Legal Notices
Access legal notices, including lists of potentially ineligible voters.
About Us
About Us
Read about the Office of the Supervisor of Elections.
Supervisor of Elections Alina Garcia
A biography of Alina Garcia, Miami-Dade County's Supervisor of Elections.
Contact Us
Contact the office of the Miami-Dade County Supervisor of Elections.
Community Outreach
Request Supervisor of Elections staff to discuss election topics with your group or
organization.
Join Our Team
Help ensure safe, secure and accessible elections by joining the Miami-Dade County
Supervisor of Elections team as a poll worker or election employee.
Elections Document Requests
A variety of items are available to assist candidates, committees, political parties,
government agencies, courts, students, media and interested citizens.
Elections Integrity & Security
The Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections is committed to ensuring the ongoing integrity
and security of the voting process.
Annual Reports
The Annual Report highlights the notable accomplishments made by the Miami-Dade County
Office of the Supervisor of Elections each year.
Home
>
Statistics & Historical Data
>
Current Precincts, Districts and Municipalities
Current Precincts, Districts and Municipalities (After 2023 Reprecincting)
We offer breakdowns of current voting precincts, districts and municipalities, including municipal codes (after 2023 Reprecincting).
Municipalities
Municipal Clerks
Precincts within Municipalities
Precincts within Miami Districts
Precincts within Miami Gardens Districts
Precincts within North Miami Districts
Municipal Codes
County
Precincts within Community Council Areas
Precincts within County Commission Districts
Precincts within Democratic Executive Committee Districts
Precincts within Republican Executive Committee Districts
Precincts within School Board Districts
State and Federal
Precincts within State House Districts
Precincts within State Senate Districts
Precincts within Congressional Districts
Overall
Precincts by Districts
Maps
County Commission Districts by Zip Codes
Community Council Districts with Sub Areas and Precincts
Congressional Districts with Precincts and Zip Codes
Democratic Executive Committee Districts with Precincts and Zip Codes
Republican Executive Committee Districts with Precincts and Zip Codes
Miami-Dade Precincts with Zip Codes
Municipalities with Precincts and Zip Codes
School Board Districts with Precincts and Zip Codes
State House Districts with Precincts and Zip Codes
State Senate Districts with Precincts and Zip Codes
Past Precincts, Districts and Municipalities
Republican Executive Committee (R.E.C.) Districts map
(pending 2023 R.E.C. redistricting)
Republican Executive Committee (R.E.C.) Districts list
(pending 2023 R.E.C. redistricting)
Democratic Executive Committee (D.E.C.) Districts map
(pending 2023 D.E.C. redistricting)
Democratic Executive Committee (D.E.C.) Districts list
(pending 2023 D.E.C. redistricting)
2022 (Prior to Reprecincting)
2015 (After Phase 2 of Reprecincting)
2014 (After Phase 1 of Reprecincting)
2012 (Prior to Reprecincting)
Precincts, Districts and Municipal Boundaries
Access GIS data, including shapefiles (boundary maps) that detail County
precincts
,
districts
and
municipal
boundaries.
Office of the Supervisor of Elections
2700 NW 87th Avenue
Miami, Florida 33172
Phone: 305-499-VOTE (8683)
Office of the Supervisor of Elections Branch Office
Stephen P. Clark Center lobby area
111 NW 1st Street
Miami, Florida 33128
Featured Links
Voters with Special Needs
Current Precincts, Districts and Municipalities
Petition Amendments, Initiatives and Referendums
Resources
Florida Division of Elections
Florida Elections Commission
Miami-Dade Commission on Ethics and Public Trust
Help and Support
Privacy Statement
ADA Notice
Disclaimer
©
Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections. All rights reserved.
