Military & Overseas Voters OR Residency Questions | Sumter County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
Election Info
Voters
Election Workers
Candidates & Committees
Search
Vote-by-Mail Request Form - English/Select other language if preferred.
Home
Voters
Military & Overseas Voters OR Residency Questions
Military & Overseas Voters OR Residency Questions
What is UOCAVA?
The Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act is commonly referred to as UOCAVA. UOCAVA citizens are U.S. citizens who are active members of the Uniformed Services, the Merchant Marine, and the commissioned corps of the Public Health Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, their eligible family members, and U.S. citizens residing outside the United States. This act provides the legal basis for these citizens' absentee voting requirements for federal offices.
Registering / Requesting your Ballot
Check your Voter Registration Status
by using Voter Lookup
Questioning your Residency?
Voter Residency Guidelines in Florida
- Use this link
NOTE: Number 7 within the Residency Guidelines refers to being a U.S. citizen born OR living abroad. It states that a U.S. citizen, who is born or living abroad and has never lived in Florida, is not permitted to register or vote in Florida under current Florida law.
In order to qualify as a Registered Voter in Florida, to include Sumter County, while living overseas, number 7 in the Residency Guidelines has to be met prior to meeting numbers Guidelines 1 or 2.
Memorandum of Law-Residency
Register to Vote
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
on FVAP.gov
Register to Vote Florida
website
Contact our office
Request a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
on FVAP.gov
Vote-by-Mail Online Request Form
Contact our office
Ballot Delivery
If you are an overseas voter (this does not include U.S. territories) or an absent uniformed services voter with an applicable out-of-county address, you may request to receive your ballots via fax or email. Ballots are not forwardable and will be mailed no later than 45 days before each Election.
Ballot Return
You may return your voted ballot by mail, courier, or fax: 352-569-1541
Tracking your Ballot / Ballot Request
You will receive a notification when your ballot request is processed by our office, and a notification when your returned voted ballot is processed by our office
Track your ballot or send a ballot request by using the
Voter Lookup online form
.
Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB)
The FWAB (Federal Standard Form 186) serves as an emergency backup ballot for UOCAVA citizens. If you do not receive your absentee ballot from your state in time to return it to your election official to participate in the election, use the FWAB.
For additional information,
visit the Federal Voting Assistance Program website
.
Quick Links
Federal Voting Assistance Program (FVAP)
FVAP Voting Guide
U.S. Election Assistance Commission (EAC)
Florida Residency Guidelines-NOTE: You must qualify under 7, before you can qualify under 1 or 2.
View All Quick Links
/QuickLinks.aspx
Register to Vote
My Voter Status
Request a Vote-by-Mail
Ways to Vote
Moving?
My Precinct/Elected Officials?
Contact Us
Main Office:
7375 Powell Rd
Suite #125
Wildwood, FL 34785
Annex Office:
332 Dr Martin Luther King Jr Ave
Bushnell, FL 33513
Phone:
352-569-1540
Fax: 352-569-1541
Monday to Friday: 8 am to 5 pm
Email Us
Quick Links
Election Info
Voters
Election Workers
Candidates & Committees
Helpful Links & Resources
Maps
Information Request
/QuickLinks.aspx
Home
Site Map
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
