Military & Overseas Voters | Pinellas County Election, FL
Skip to Main Content
Voters
Candidates
Results & Data
Get Involved
News & Information
Search
Overseas Definitions
Home
Voters
Mail Ballots
Military & Overseas Voters
Military & Overseas Voters
Uniformed & Overseas Absentee Voting Act
The
Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA)
allows absent
U.S. military
and overseas civilian citizens to register and vote by mail ballot in all elections.
UOCAVA applies to:
U.S. Citizens who are members of the
Uniformed Services
on active duty.
Their family members.
U.S. citizens residing outside the territorial limits of the U.S. (including Canada and Mexico).
UOCAVA provides an official post card form, called the Federal Post Card Application (FPCA), containing both an absentee voter registration application and an absentee ballot application.
Registering & Requesting a Mail Ballot
To register and request an absentee ballot in the State of Florida:
Send a completed Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) to the Supervisor of Elections office so that it arrives not later than 29 days before the election.
(People registering for the first time in the State of Florida using the FPCA must mail the form, as an original signature is required. Updates and changes to a current registration can be sent by mail, email or fax.)
If you have previously lived in Pinellas County and still maintain a residence in the county, your ballots will contain all local, state, and federal races for which you are eligible to vote.
If you have previously lived in Pinellas County but no longer maintain a residence in Florida, and it is your intention to return to the county, you will be assigned the precinct of the county courthouse.
If you are already registered in Pinellas County and you wish to request absentee ballots, send the completed FPCA to the Supervisor of Elections office so that it arrives not later than the 12th day before the election. Alternatively, you may use any of the regular means of requesting mail ballots.
An FPCA application for an absentee ballot is effective for all elections through the calendar year of the next regularly scheduled general election.
The FPCA does not require postage if mailed in the U.S. postal system, including all U.S. military post offices (APO/FPO) overseas as well as diplomatic pouches.
Note: Ballots are not forwardable
- Be sure to provide your current mailing address.
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
The Federal Post Card Application is the form that permits UOCAVA citizens to simultaneously register and request absentee ballots in the state or territory where they last resided immediately prior to departing the United States, even if they no longer maintain a residence in that state.
Request or complete a
Federal Post Card Application (PDF)
online.
Late Registration
If you or a family member has been discharged or separated from the Uniformed Services or the United States Merchant Marine, has returned from a military deployment or activation, or has separated from employment outside the territorial limits of the United States after the voter registration deadline for an election, you may register to vote in such election until 5 pm on the Friday before that election in the office of the Supervisor of Elections.
Mailed Ballots
If you reside outside the U.S., or you are an absent uniformed services voter, your ballot will be mailed at least 45 days before an election.
Receiving Ballots by Email or Fax
If you are an overseas voter, or are an absent uniformed services voter, you may request to receive your ballots by fax or email. You can request a mail ballot in multiple ways:
Online at the
Request a Mail Ballot page
.
By phone at 727-464-VOTE (8683).
Complete the
Federal Post Card Application (PDF)
and
email it to Mail Ballots
or fax it to 727-464-7636.
Or complete the
Florida Statewide Vote-by-Mail Request Form (PDF)
and
email it to Mail Ballots
or fax it to 727-464-7636.
Note: If you want your ballot to be faxed, your request is valid only for the upcoming election or the one election you specify.
State Write-in Ballot
Overseas voters who cannot be reached to deliver an absentee ballot in time for the general election may request a state write-in ballot no earlier than 180 days before an election. Your request must state that due to military or other contingencies that preclude normal mail delivery, you cannot vote an absentee ballot during the normal absentee period.
State write-in ballots will be mailed between 90 and 180 days prior to the general election.
Federal Write-in Ballot
The Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot is an emergency back-up ballot that may be used for all elections if all of these conditions apply:
You are a registered voter, eligible to vote in this election.
You are a member of the Uniformed Services or merchant marine on active duty or an eligible spouse or dependent of such a member who is absent from your voting precinct on Election Day, or you are a U.S. citizen residing outside the territorial limits of the U.S.
You have requested a regular absentee ballot in time to be received by the state deadline, which is 12 days prior to the election.
You have not received the requested regular ballot.
Request or complete a
Federal Write-In Ballot (PDF)
online.
Check your ballot status online
.
Casting Your Mail Ballot
You may return your voted ballot by mail, courier, or fax. You
cannot
return your ballot via email. Please see administrative rule
1S-2.030
for details about overseas voters requesting and returning ballots. Voted ballots must be received by 7 pm. Election Day. Qualified overseas voters who are eligible for late counting of ballots have an additional 10 days during presidential preference primaries and general elections.
Late Counting of Overseas Ballots
If you are an overseas voter, your ballot will be counted if the ballot envelope is dated or postmarked not later than the day of the election and received no later than 10 days after a general election or presidential preference primary election.
Check your ballot status online
.
Tab Name
Register to Vote
Request Mail Ballot
Where to Vote
My Status
Upcoming Elections
Early Voting
Contact Us
Elections Service Center
13001 Starkey Road
Largo, FL 33773
Phone:
727-464-8683
Fax:
727-464-6239
Popular Pages
Voters
Candidates
Results & Data
Get Involved
News & Information
/QuickLinks.aspx
Per Florida Statute 668.6076, email addresses are public records. If you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing. To submit a public records request, use this
form
.
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
