Early Voting | Hillsborough County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
Voting
Elections
Candidates & Committees
Maps & Data
General Info
Search
Vote By Mail
Request a Vote By Mail Ballot
Track Your Ballot
Cure a Signature Issue
Early Voting
Election Day
Home
Voting
Three Ways to Vote
Early Voting
Early Voting
Early Voting gives you the flexibility to vote when and where it's most convenient for you. Early Voting dates, times and locations vary by county. As long as you're registered to vote in Hillsborough County, you can vote in any Early Voting site we have open. This is different from Election Day voting, when you must vote in the polling place assigned to your precinct.
2026 General Election Early Voting Dates
October 19 through November 1, 2026
7 AM to 7 PM
Scroll down to the Where to Go section to use our interactive Early Voting location tool. You can see the sites on a map and organize the list to find the shortest wait times or the sites closest to you.
You can also print a list of locations here:
2026 Early Voting Locations (PDF)
Where to Go
What to Bring
What to Bring to the Voting Site
Please bring one or two forms of current identification that include your signature and photo. You must have the cards with you - pictures of ID cannot be accepted. If you forget your ID, you may vote a provisional ballot, which will later be evaluated by the Canvassing Board for eligibility.
Acceptable Photo ID for Voting
Florida Driver License
Florida ID Card issued by the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles
U.S. Passport
Debit or Credit Card
Military ID
Student ID
Retirement Center ID
Neighborhood Association ID
Public Assistance ID
Veteran Health ID (issued by VA)
Concealed Weapon License (issued pursuant to s. 790.06)
Government Employee ID
If your photo ID does not include your signature, you will be asked to provide another ID that has your signature. We suggest that you bring your sample ballot with you to the polling place, marked with notes on how you plan to vote. That way, you can take time to consider your voting decisions before you get to the polling place and we can keep the lines down for voters.
Your Sample Ballot
Sample ballots are mailed or emailed to voters, and available on the
On the Ballot page of our website
. You should review the candidates and issues that will be on your ballot and make your decisions in advance. Please bring a copy of your marked up sample ballot or notes with you for reference, if you need it.
If you received a Vote By Mail ballot and want to cast that ballot, you do not have to stand in line or go through the check-in process. Just look for the Secure Ballot Intake Station and drop your ballot off. If you requested a Vote By Mail ballot but have decided to vote in person instead, your Vote By Mail ballot will be canceled and poll workers will print a new ballot for you at the Early Voting site.
When You Arrive
When You Arrive at the Polls
Check in with your valid and current photo and signature ID.
Receive your paper ballot and proceed to a privacy booth.
Using the black pen provided, completely fill in the oval next to each of your selections.
Review your ballot. If you wish to make changes, request another ballot.
If you have any questions, ask a poll worker before you insert the ballot in the scanner. Once a ballot has been accepted, it cannot be retrieved. If you are satisfied with your selections:
Take your ballot to the optical scanner in the secrecy folder provided.
Insert your ballot into the optical scan feeder.
The scanner will alert you if your ballot appears blank or if it detects too many votes.
You will have the option to either submit the ballot as is or make changes.
You are not required to vote in every race or for every issue on the ballot; therefore, the scanner will not alert you of instances in which you did not vote.
The scanner will record your votes and your ballot will drop into the locked ballot box.
If you need assistance at any time during the voting process, ask a poll worker for assistance. They are trained to guide you through the process and answer your questions.
Register to Vote or Update Info
Request and Track Vote By Mail
Get Election Information
Contact
Office Hours:
8 am to 5 pm
Main Phone:
813-744-5900
Toll Free:
888-297-4362
Fred B. Karl County Center
601 E. Kennedy Blvd., 16th Floor, Tampa, FL 33602
Tel:
813-272-5850
Fax: 813-272-7043
Robert L. Gilder Elections Service Center
2514 North Falkenburg Rd., Tampa, FL 33619
Tel:
813-744-5900
Fax: 813-744-5843
Northwest Regional Office
4575 Gunn Hwy., Tampa, FL 33624
Southeast Regional Office
10020 South U.S. Hwy. 301, Riverview, FL 33578
SouthShore Regional Service Center
410 30th St. SE, Ruskin, FL 33570
Accessibility Statement
|
Privacy Policy
|
Copyright Notices
Please note: Florida has a very broad public records law. Voter registration applications and other written communications to or from the Supervisor of Elections are public records and are available to the public and media upon request unless the information is subject to a specific statutory exemption. Email addresses are also public records. If you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request, please do not email us. Instead, contact us by mail or phone, or visit us in person.
To request public records,
visit this page
.
For questions about public records,
email Public Records
or call
813-744-5900
.
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
