Pasco County Supervisor of Elections, FL
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
Home
Supervisor Of Elections
Meet Supervisor Corley
Contact Us
Office Locations
New Port Richey Office
Land O' Lakes Office
Dade City Office
Office Closings
Accessibility Policy
Responsibilities
Core Values
Mission Statement
Election Security
Newsworthy
Newsroom
Publications
Events
Candidate Forums
Job Openings
Public Records Policy
Voters
About Registering to Vote
Am I Registered?
Online Voter Registration
Update My Registration
How To Change My Political Party
Printable Application
Printable Application - Spanish
Update Your Address
Update Your Signature
Voter's Guide
Elector's Request for Removal
Felon Voting Rights
Frequently Asked Questions
Government Officials
Municipalities
Special Districts
Language Assistance
Protected Addresses
Provisional Ballot Status
Voter Registration Statistics
Where to Pick Up an Application
OVR
Elections
Ways to Vote
Vote by Mail
About Voting by Mail
Request a Ballot
Check Request Status
Military and Overseas Voters
Early Voting
About Early Voting
Early Voting Schedule
Early Voting Locations and Wait Times
Election Day
Sample Ballots
Unofficial Voter Turnout
Precinct Finder
About Judicial Elections
About Municipal Elections
Be Election Ready
Closed Primaries
Constitutional Amendments
Election Dates
Election Results
Initiative Petitions
Inspection of Ballot Material
Optical Scan FAQ
Resource Allocation Report
Track Your Vote by Mail Ballot
Candidates
Local Candidates/Committees
List Of 2026 Municipal Candidates
List Of 2026 Candidates
About Judicial Elections
Candidate/Committee Reports Search
Candidate Forums
Financial Reporting Login
Guide for Candidates
Becoming a Candidate
Candidate Qualifying
Candidate Support
Data Requests
Municipal Candidates
Political Committees
Statewide and Multicounty Candidates
State and Precinct Committeeman/Committeewoman
Precincts
Polling Place List
Precinct Finder
Precinct and District Maps
Precinct List by District
Election Workers
Requirements And Duties
Election Worker Application
Online Training Program
Training Facilities
Update Contact Information
Election Worker Training Calendar
Resources
Education Programs
Request an Education Program
School Elections
Request a School Election
Frequently Asked Questions
Kids Links
Other Pasco County Sites
Other Sites of Interest
Search
EN
Reset
English
Afrikaans
Albanian
Arabic
Armenian
Azerbaijani
Basque
Belarusian
Bengali
Bosnian
Bulgarian
Catalan
Cebuano
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Esperanto
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
Galician
Georgian
German
Greek
Gujarati
Haitian Creole
Hausa
Hebrew
Hindi
Hmong
Hungarian
Icelandic
Igbo
Indonesian
Irish
Italian
Japanese
Javanese
Kannada
Khmer
Korean
Lao
Latin
Latvian
Lithuanian
Macedonian
Malay
Maltese
Maori
Marathi
Mongolian
Nepali
Norwegian
Persian
Polish
Portuguese
Punjabi
Romanian
Russian
Serbian
Slovak
Slovenian
Somali
Spanish
Swahili
Swedish
Tamil
Telugu
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Vietnamese
Welsh
Yiddish
Yoruba
Zulu
Military and Overseas Voters
Home
Elections
Vote by Mail
Military and Overseas Voters
Related Links
About Voting by Mail
Request a Ballot
Check Request Status
Military and Overseas Voters
Resources
For election materials (including FPCA/FWAB printable forms) go to
For election official information (guides for processing voting materials / sending ballots / election official online training) go to
For the Electronic Voting Assistance Guide go to
For fvap.gov homepage go to
The Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA) ensures eligible overseas citizens can apply to register to vote and receive a Vote by Mail ballot. Members of the United States Uniformed Services and merchant marine; their eligible family member(s); and United States citizens residing outside of the country are covered under UOCAVA.
REGISTER TO VOTE OR REQUEST A VOTE BY MAIL BALLOT
UOCAVA voters may apply for voter registration or request vote by mail ballots with a
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
which may be obtained from the unit voting officer or is available
on-line
.
To register and request a vote by mail ballot in the State of Florida:
If you maintain a Florida residence, you will receive a ballot containing all local, state, and Federal races for which you are eligible to vote.
If you are or were a registered voter and no longer maintain a Florida residence but you intend to return, you will receive a ballot with all local (except Municipal), state and Federal races.
If you were never registered in Florida and no longer maintain a Florida residence, have no intent to return, but this is the last place you lived, you will receive a ballot for Federal races only.
A U.S. citizen who is born or living abroad and has never lived in Florida is not permitted to register or vote in Florida under current Florida law.
Send a completed FPCA to the Supervisor of Elections office so that it arrives no later than 29 days before the election.
Original signature required to use FPCA to registered to vote.
Emailed and/or faxed FPCA accepted for those already registered to vote.
If you are already registered in Pasco County and you wish to request vote by mail ballots, send the completed FPCA to the Supervisor of Elections office so that it arrives no later than the Friday before the election. Alternatively, vote by mail ballots may be requested by email, phone, in writing, or
by using our online form
. Spouses and Dependents are considered to be of the same category of vote by mail voter as military members and generally should follow the same rules.
An FPCA application for a vote by mail ballot is effective for all elections through the next regularly scheduled general election.
The FPCA does not require postage if mailed within the U.S. postal system, including all U.S. military post offices (APO/FPO) overseas as well as diplomatic pouches.
NOTE: BALLOTS ARE NOT FORWARDABLE - Be sure to provide your current mailing address.
LATE REGISTRATION
If you or a family member have been discharged or separated from the Uniformed Services, Merchant Marine, or from employment outside the territorial limits of the United States, you may register after the registration deadline for an election until 5 p.m. on the Friday before that election.
ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION OF BALLOTS
If you are an overseas voter, or are an absent uniformed services voter, you may request to receive your ballots by fax or e-mail. An overseas address or APO/FPO/DPO address must be provided regardless of how the ballot is delivered to the UOCAVA voter.
Your request must include:
Your Name
Your date of birth
Last 4 digits of SSN
Florida Driver License number/Florida ID number
Your county of residence
One of the following
a return fax number, if the ballot is to be faxed
an APO/FPO or other deliverable overseas address, if the ballot is to be mailed
an email address if the ballot is to be emailed
Your signature (faxed request only)
If you want your ballot to be faxed, your request is valid only for the upcoming election or the one election you specify.
STATE WRITE-IN BALLOT
Overseas voters who cannot be reached to deliver a vote by mail ballot in time for the General Election may request a state write-in ballot not earlier than 180 days before an election. Your request must state that due to military or other contingencies that preclude normal mail delivery, you cannot vote a vote by mail ballot during the normal vote by mail period. State write-in ballots will be mailed between 90 and 180 days prior to the General Election.
FEDERAL WRITE-IN BALLOT
The Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot is a back-up ballot that may be used for Federal races only if all of these conditions apply:
You are located outside the United States, including APO and FPO addresses.
You have applied for a regular absentee ballot early enough so that we have received your request at least 30 days before the election. The FPCA may be used to request your regular Florida absentee ballot.
You have not received the requested regular Florida absentee ballot.
CASTING YOUR BALLOT
You may return your voted ballot by mail, courier or fax. You cannot return your ballot via email, because state law requires an original signature on the ballot certificate envelope. Voted ballots must be received by 7 p.m. Election Day.
LATE COUNTING OF OVERSEAS BALLOTS
Ballots voted by persons outside the U.S.in a General Election and Presidential Preference Primary are counted if postmarked no later than Election Day and received within 10 days of the election.
Additional military election information is available from:
The Director
Federal Voting Assistance Program
Department of Defense
Washington Headquarters Services
1155 Defense Pentagon
Washington, D.C. 20301-1155
Toll-free 800-438-8683
Share this page
Share this page
Close
Contact Us
PO Box 300, Dade City, FL 33526
M-F 8:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
800-851-8754
Email Us
Brian E. Corley
Supervisor of Elections
Pasco County
Dade City Office: 352-521-4302
Land O' Lakes Office: 813-929-2788
New Port Richey Office: 727-847-8162
Línea de asistencia en español 833-828-3224
Under Florida law, F.S. 668.6076, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
Powered by
revize.
the government website experts
Disclaimer of Privacy Policy
