Upcoming Elections | Collier County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
Voters
Election Info
Research & Data
About Us
FAQ
Search
Register to Vote / Update Voter Registration
2026 General Election
Collier Votes Local
Redistricting
Home
Election Info
Upcoming Elections
Upcoming Elections
Primary Election - August 18, 2026
During the Primary Election, electors will vote for federal, state and local representatives within their party affiliations. If opposed within their own parties, United States Senators, Representatives in Congress, State Representatives, State Senators and County Commissioners will be on the ballot.
Voters may also see nonpartisan contests including judges, school board members and local referenda items.
Because Florida is a closed primary state, voters may only vote within their party. The winning candidates of the Primary Election, who see opposition from another party, will then move on to the General Election in November.
Universal Primary:
A universal primary is a contest in the Primary Election in which all candidates have the same party affiliation, but will not see opposition during the General Election. During a universal primary, all qualified electors may vote regardless of their party affiliation.
View the
2026 Primary Election page
for upcoming election dates and deadlines.
General Election - November 3, 2026
The General Election ballot will list the winning candidates of the August Primary Election. During this election, voters will have the opportunity to vote for a candidate regardless of their party affiliation.
Voters will also vote on statewide amendments and - based on their jurisdiction - local district seats such as Mosquito Control and Fire Districts.
Voters residing within the City of Marco Island city limits will also see their city council contest on their ballot.
View the
2026 General Election page
for upcoming election dates and deadlines.
Notice of 2026 General Election - English (PDF)
- Amended 5/26/2026
Notice of 2026 General Election - Spanish (PDF)
- Amended 5/26/2026
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES
2026 Voter Guide  - English (PDF
)
2026 Voter Guide - Spanish (PDF
)
Register To Vote
Check My Voter Info
Candidates
Upcoming Elections
My Elected Officials
Contact Us
Contact Us
Collier County Supervisor of Elections Office
Rev Dr Martin Luther King Jr Building
3750 Enterprise Ave, Naples FL  34104
Directions
Phone:
239-252-VOTE (8683)
Fax: 239-774-9468
Email Us
Popular Pages
Register To Vote
Check My Voter Registration Status
Request My Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Track My Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Find An Early Voting Location
Find My Election Day Polling Place
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
