Register to Vote / Update Voter Registration | Collier County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
Voters
Election Info
Research & Data
About Us
FAQ
Search
Voter Signature FAQ
Home
Voters
Register to Vote / Update Voter Registration
Register to Vote / Update Voter Registration
Online Voter Registration
RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov
To register to vote online, you must have a Florida Driver's License or Florida ID card and the last four digits of your Social Security Number. The Online Florida Voter Registration Application form can be used to submit a new registration or to change your existing registration information (i.e., party affiliation, address changes, name changes, etc.). If you are registering to vote in the State of Florida for the first time, you may be required to print, sign, and mail in your Voter Registration Application.
For more information on the online voter registration process, please see the Florida Division of Elections' Frequently Asked Questions:
Voter FAQs - English (PDF)
Voter FAQs - Spanish (PDF)
If you have questions about your voter registration status, please contact the Collier County Supervisor of Elections office at 239-252-VOTE (8683) or
email the Supervisor of Elections office
.
Voter Registration Application
Individuals can download a Voter Registration Application Form to register to vote or update their voter registration information, including their signature. To complete this form, you must provide your Florida Driver License Number, Florida Identification Card Number, or the last four digits of your Social Security Number.
Voter Registration Application Form - English (PDF)
Voter Registration Application Form - Spanish (PDF)
You can submit your application by mail or in person.
Mail to:
Collier County Supervisor of Elections
Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Building
3750 Enterprise Avenue
Naples, FL  34104
Return in person
to one of these locations:
Collier County Supervisor of Elections
Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Building
3750 Enterprise Avenue
Naples, FL  34104
North Collier Government Services Center
2335 Orange Blossom Drive
Naples, FL  34109
Heritage Bay Government Services Center
15450 Collier Boulevard
Naples, FL  34120
For additional information about registering to vote, visit the Voter Registration FAQs on this page.
Voter Registration FAQs
Why should I register to vote?
Am I eligible to vote?
How can I register to vote?
View All FAQs
/FAQ.aspx
Register To Vote
Check My Voter Info
Candidates
Upcoming Elections
My Elected Officials
Contact Us
Contact Us
Collier County Supervisor of Elections Office
Rev Dr Martin Luther King Jr Building
3750 Enterprise Ave, Naples FL  34104
Directions
Phone:
239-252-VOTE (8683)
Fax: 239-774-9468
Email Us
Popular Pages
Register To Vote
Check My Voter Registration Status
Request My Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Track My Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Find An Early Voting Location
Find My Election Day Polling Place
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
