Military and Overseas Voting | Lake County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Voter Information
Election Information
Candidate Services
Election Workers
How Do I?
Search
Requesting a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Online Vote-by-Mail Request
Vote-by-Mail Ballot Counter Pickups for the 2026 General Election
Returning a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Military and Overseas Voting
Voting for Persons with Disabilities
Tracking a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Curing a Signature
Vote-by-Mail Deadlines
Home
Voter Information
Vote By Mail
Military and Overseas Voting
Military and Overseas Voting
Voting for Military and Overseas Voters
The Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (
UOCAVA
) protects the voting rights of:
Active-duty members and eligible dependents of the Uniformed Services or Merchant Marines living outside their voting jurisdiction
U.S. citizens living outside the country
Active-duty members and eligible dependents of the Uniformed Services or Merchant Marines
living in their voting jurisdiction are not
covered under the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (
UOCAVA
).
Submit a completed Federal Post Card Application,
Election Forms and Materials
, containing
your original signature
in order to:
Register to vote
Update voter registration information
Request vote-by-mail ballots
Please include your email address and updated contact information, including your mailing address, when submitting a Federal Post Card Application.
The Federal Post Card Application Instructions (PDF)
provides more information on completing the application.
Important Deadlines
Using the
Federal Post Card Application
to register to vote?
Your completed form must be received
no later than 29 days before the election
.
Using the
Federal Post Card Application
to request a vote-by-mail ballot?
Your completed form must be received
no later than 12 days before the election
.
Returning Your Ballot
Ballots
must be in our office no later than 7 pm on Election Day
.
Ballots may be returned to our office by one of the following methods:
By Mail
Lake County Supervisor of Elections
P.O. Box 457
Tavares, Florida 32778
Courier
Lake County Supervisor of Elections Office
1898 E Burleigh Boulevard
Tavares, Florida 32778
If you received your ballot by email, you can find additional return information through these resources:
Overseas Military and Civilian Voters (PDF)
Absent Stateside Military Voters (PDF)
Note:
If you or your dependent has been discharged or separated from the Uniformed Services or Merchant Marines, has returned from military deployment or activation, or has separated from employment outside the U.S. after book closing, you may register to vote until 5 pm on the Friday before an election. Sufficient documentation must be provided to show you qualify for late registration.
Overseas voters have until noon on the 10
th
day after the election to return their ballots for any Presidential Preference Primary or General Election if it is postmarked or dated on or before the date of the election. Overseas voters may also return their ballots via fax to
352-253-1422
.
The Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (
FWAB
) serves as an emergency backup ballot for all Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act
(
UOCAVA
) voters who have requested a vote-by-mail ballot but have not received it. Use the
Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot Instructions (PDF)
for information on completing the Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB).
The Federal Voting Assistance Program (
FVAP
) works to ensure service members, their eligible dependents, and overseas citizens are aware of their right to vote and have the tools and resources to successfully do so from anywhere in the world. To learn more about the Federal Voting Assistance Program (
FVAP
), download necessary forms, or view the online Voting Assistance Guide, visit
Federal Voting Assistance Program
.
My Voter Information & Sample Ballot
Register to Vote
Vote by Mail
Voting Locations
Current Elections
Veteran's Wall of Honor
Contact Us
1898 E Burleigh Boulevard
Tavares, FL 32778
Monday - Friday: 8 am to 5 pm
Call Us:
352-343-9734
Fax: 352-343-3605
Popular Pages
About Us
Public Records Requests
Become an Election Worker
FAQs
Elected Officials
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
