Military & Overseas Voters | Hernando County SOE, FL
This website is AudioEye enabled and is being optimized for accessibility. To open the AudioEye Toolbar, press "shift + =". Some assistive technologies may require the use of a passthrough function before this keystroke. For more information, activate the button labeled "Explore your accessibility options".
Loading
Skip to Main Content
Election Information
Voter Information
Candidates
Resources
Military & Overseas Voters
Vote Early
Vote in Person
Vote-by-Mail
Check Your Ballot Status
Military & Overseas Information
Request a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Secure Ballot Intake Station
Track Your Ballot
Update Your Signature
Vote-by-Mail Documents
Vote-by-Mail Voter Information
Home
Voter Information
Ways to Vote
Military & Overseas Voters
Military & Overseas Voters
Related Documents
Florida FPCA Information (PDF)
Voter Residency in Florida (PDF)
Registering to Vote and/or Requesting a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Military personnel and overseas voters may apply for voter registration and/or request vote-by-mail ballots with a
Federal Postcard Application (FPCA)
. Military personnel may also obtain the FPCA from the Unit Voting Officer. (Spouses and dependents are considered to be of the same category of Vote-by-Mail voter as military members and generally should follow the same rules.)
If the FPCA is not available, you may contact the Supervisor of Elections by:
Phone: 352-754-4125
Written request: Supervisor of Elections, 16264 Spring Hill Drive, Brooksville, FL 34604
Note
: At present, there are no provisions to allow for submission of the FPCA through the internet.
Reminder
: You must be registered at least 29 days prior to an election (book closing date) in order to be eligible to vote in that election.
Late Registration
: An individual, or accompanying family member, who has been discharged or separated from the uniformed services or merchant marine, or from employment outside the U.S. after the book closing for an election, and who is otherwise qualified, may register to vote in such election at the Supervisor of Elections Office until 5 pm on the Friday before the election. Such persons must produce sufficient documentation showing evidence of Qualifying for the late registration pursuant to Section 97.0555 Florida Statutes.
Military & Overseas Voters
The federal Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA) and conforming state legislation cover active duty members of the U.S. armed forces, the merchant marine, spouses and dependents of all, and U.S. citizens residing overseas. They may apply for voter registration and for Vote by Mail ballots with a Federal Post Card Application (FPCA), which may be obtained from a Voting Assistance Officer (VAO) or at FVAP.gov, the website of the Federal Voting Assistance Program. Vote-by-mail requests from these voters will be effective for all elections through the next two regularly scheduled general elections.
UOCAVA voters may also use the Florida registration form, notate their military status on it, and the same privileges would apply to them. Military voters residing within the county in which they wish to register should use the Florida Voter Registration Application and indicate their military status, so the supervisor may ensure their UOCAVA status when they move out of the county but wish to maintain voting residency.
Overseas voters (those with an APO, FPO, or foreign address only, not Hawaii, American Samoa, etc.) may have Vote-by-Mail ballots faxed or emailed if there is a problem with the mail.
Ballots can be returned by fax, but not by email, and the voter then waives secrecy. However, access to faxed ballots in the elections office is extremely restricted, and ballots are immediately placed in secrecy envelopes without handling. Only the Voter's Certificate, which must be signed and dated, is examined.
For those overseas voters who provide an email address, we will advise them of the races by email when that is available at least 30 days before an election. We encourage all UOCAVA voters to include their email addresses on any forms or correspondence, and to update them along with mailing addresses whenever they move.
The most important thing to remember is to notify the elections office of address changes so you don't jeopardize your active voter registration status, and email is the best way. Additional information for UOCAVA voters is available from the Federal Voting Assistance Program:
By Phone Toll-Free: 800-438-8683
By Fax: 800-368-8683
By Email
Additional Information
More information about vote-by-mail ballots can be found on the
Division of Elections website
Federal Voting Assistance Program
Federal Voting Assistance Guide
Register to Vote
Registration Status
Request Vote-By-Mail
Where to Vote
Ways to Vote
Election Workers
Search
Denise LaVancher, Supervisor of Elections, Hernando County
Monday to Friday: 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
16264 Spring Hill Drive, Brooksville, FL 34604
7443 Forest Oaks Blvd., Spring Hill, FL 34606 (does not accept mail)
Phone:
352-754-4125
Fax: 352-754-4425
elections@hernandovotes.gov
"It is the mission of the Supervisor of Elections office to ensure the integrity of the
electoral process and empower each voter through continuous education."
Home
Site Map
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
Explore your accessibility options
