How to Register to Vote | Orange County Florida | OCSOE
Skip to content
EN
|
ES
Register to Vote
Search
Search
HOME
About
Your Supervisor of Elections
Meet Karen Castor Dentel
Learn more about the Orange County Supervisor of Elections and her leadership.
Our Mission, Vision & Values
Discover the principles behind our work and commitment to upholding free, fair, and secure elections.
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Get updates from our office in your inbox.
In The Community
See how we engage with and serve the Orange County community.
News & Legal Ads
Stay up to date with official announcements, press releases, and legal notices.
Media Inquiries
Find information and contacts for press/media-related requests.
General Information
Contact Us
Reach out for voting assistance, questions, or support.
Careers
Explore job opportunities and join our team.
Election Calendar
View key election dates and deadlines in one place.
Services A to Z
Browse services of the Orange County Supervisor of Elections Office.
FAQs
Get answers to frequently asked questions about voting and elections.
Disclaimer
Review important legal information about this website.
REGISTER
Register to Vote
Update Your Registration
Check Your Voter Information
Military & Overseas Voters
College & Student Voters
Restoration of Voting Rights
Third Party Voter Registration Organizations
ELECTIONS
Voting
Request A Mail Ballot
Easily request a Vote-by-Mail ballot.
Track Your Mail Ballot
Check the status of your Vote-by-Mail ballot from request to acceptance.
Vote Early
Learn when and where to vote before Election Day.
Election Day Voting
Find everything you need to vote on Election Day.
Find Your Polling Place
Locate your assigned polling place quickly.
Secure Ballot Intake Stations
Find safe and convenient locations to return a Vote-by-Mail ballot.
Accessibility
Learn about voting options and resources for voters with disabilities.
Provisional Ballots
Understand when and how provisional ballots are used.
Language Access Resources
Access voting materials and assistance in multiple languages.
Know Your Rights
Learn about your rights as a voter and how to protect them.
Upcoming Elections
Election Center
Your One-Stop Shop for the 2026 Primary Election
Election Calendar
View key election dates and deadlines in one place.
What’s On My Ballot?
Preview the candidates and measures that will appear on your ballot.
Municipal Elections
Get information on Orange County’s 13 municipal elections.
Petitions & Amendments
Learn about proposed changes and how they get on the ballot.
Public Meetings
Watch Now
View livestreams and watch recorded election-related
Canvassing Board
Access official meeting documents and records.
Election Calendar
View key election dates and deadlines in one place.
CANDIDATES
Run for Office
Getting Started As A Candidate
Find out how to begin your candidacy.
Candidate Qualifying
Stay on track with important candidate filing dates.
Campaign Finance
Learn about reporting requirements and financial regulations.
Campaign Finance Log In
Access our Campaign Financial Reporting System.
Data Access
Candidates are able to access data on the district they are running for.
Campaign Signs
Understand rules and guidelines for political signage.
Candidate & Elected Official Lists
Offices Up For Election
See which positions are on the ballot in upcoming elections.
Candidate List
Candidates running for office in Orange County.
Your Elected Officials
Find the local, state, and federal officials who represent you.
Parties & Committees
Political Parties & Committees
Explore information on parties and political committees.
Poll Watchers
Learn how poll watchers participate in the election process.
POLL WORKERS
Become A Poll Worker
Adopt-A-Precinct
PUBLIC RECORDS
Election Results
Campaign Finance Reports
Data & Statistics
Maps
Sample Ballots
Election Mail
Submit A Public Records Request
‹
Home
/
Register to Vote
Register to Vote
Get Ready to Make Your Voice Heard
Registering to vote is the first step in participating in elections and shaping your community. Whether you’re registering for the first time, updating your information, or pre-registering as a 16- or 17-year-old, we make it easy for you to get started. Below, you’ll find everything you need to know about who can register, how to register, and keeping your voter information up to date.
Who Can Register to Vote?
You can register to vote in Florida if you are:
A U.S. citizen
A Florida resident
At least 18 years old
If you’re 16 or 17, you can pre-register as long as you meet the other requirements. Your registration will automatically become active on your 18th birthday, and we’ll mail you your voter information card at that time.
How to Register to Vote
It’s easy to register to vote in Orange County. You can choose the option that works best for you:
Register to Vote Online
Visit
RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov
to submit your application.
Some updates require a signature. If that applies to you, the website will prompt you to print, sign, and mail or drop off your form.
If you’re registering for the first time in Florida and you don’t have a Florida-issued ID, you’ll also need to print, sign, and return your form.
Register to Vote In Person
You can complete a voter registration application at many locations in the community, including:
Tax Collector offices (DMV)
Public libraries
The Center for Independent Living
WIC and DCF offices
Any Supervisor of Elections office
Any voter registration event staffed by our office
Or You Can Visit Us Anytime
Orange County Supervisor of Elections
119 W. Kaley St., Orlando, FL 32806
Register to Vote by Mail
Mail your completed application to:
Orange County Supervisor of Elections
P.O. Box 562001
Orlando, FL 32856-2001
English Application (PDF)
Spanish Application (PDF)
If you’d like an application mailed to you, or if you have questions, call us at
407-836-2070
. We’re happy to help you through the process.
What Happens After You Register?
Once we receive your application:
We enter your information into the Florida Voter Registration System.
We verify your information to make sure it meets legal requirements.
If something is missing or needs clarification, our office will contact you.
After you’re registered, you can use our
Check Your Voter Information
tool at any time to see your registration status, Election Day polling place, party affiliation, and more. We will also mail you a voter information card with your voting districts and polling place. Review it carefully and contact us if anything looks incorrect. Note: This card cannot be used as identification at the polls.
Updating Your Signature
Your signature must match the one on your voter record, this is particularly important if you
Vote-by Mail
. If your signature doesn’t match the one we have on file, your Vote-by-Mail ballot may not be counted.
Your signature is updated automatically when you fill out a paper voter registration application or make changes during a driver’s license or state ID transaction.
To update your signature, simply submit an updated Florida Voter Registration Application
English Application (PDF)
Spanish Application (PDF)
Mail your completed application to:
Orange County Supervisor of Elections
P.O. Box 562001
Orlando, FL 32856-2001
Drop-off your completed application in-person:
Orange County Supervisor of Elections
119 W. Kaley St.
Orlando, FL 32806
Choosing a Party (or Not)
You do not have to join a political party. However, Florida has closed primary elections, which means:
You can only vote in a party’s primary if you are registered with that party.
All voters, regardless of party, can vote in nonpartisan races.
If all candidates for an office share the same party and the winner will be elected in the primary, all voters
may vote in that race. This is called a universal primary.
In general elections, all voters may vote for any candidate on the ballot.
Removing Yourself from the Voter Rolls
If you need to cancel your Florida voter registration, download and submit the
Voter Registration Cancellation Form (English/Spanish)
.
If you are moving within Florida, you do not need to cancel your registration, just update your address online or through your new county’s elections office.
List Maintenance (Keeping Voter Records Up to Date)
Florida law requires all Supervisors of Elections to regularly update voter registration records. These updates help keep the voter rolls accurate. By law, our office can:
Option 1
Send a forwardable Address Confirmation Final Notice to voters who have not voted or updated their record in the last two general elections.
Voters who don’t respond are moved to “inactive” status.
Inactive voters can become active again simply by voting or updating their registration.
Option 2
Send a non-forwardable Address Confirmation Request, giving voters the chance to review and update their information.
Home
About
REGISTER
VOTE!
RUN FOR OFFICE
POLL WORKERS
PUBLIC RECORDS
FOLLOW US
2026 © Orange County Supervisor of Elections
All rights Reserved
