Early Voting | Palm Beach County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
Voters
Candidates
Elections
Get Involved
Records & Resources
Search
Make an Early Voting Appointment
Home
Voters
Ways to Vote
Early Voting
Early Voting
Early Voting allows you the opportunity to cast your vote when and where it is convenient for you. The Early Voting locations we select in Palm Beach County are chosen with you, the voter, in mind, while remaining in compliance with Florida Law.
As long as you're an eligible registered voter in Palm Beach County,
you can vote in any Early Voting site we have open
.
Don't Want to Mail Your Vote-by-Mail Ballot?
Drop it off at one of our Early Voting locations during Early Voting hours.
Make An Appointment to Vote Early (optional)
Avoid the Early Voting line and make an appointment to vote early. You can book an appointment time slot to vote at any Early Voting location during Early Voting hours for the election. Please
book your appointment
to vote early at a location and time most convenient for you! Appointments are designated 15-minute time slots. This is an optional program for those who want to schedule a time to vote. You are not required to make an appointment to vote during Early Voting.
ExpressVote Program
We are proud to utilize the most cutting-edge technology, equipment, and best practices available that increase voter confidence and accessibility for all voters. That’s why ExpressVote equipment is used at all Early Voting sites. Learn more about the
ExpressVote Program
.
What to Bring to the Voting Site
Please bring one or two forms of valid and current identification (ID) that include your signature and photo. If your photo ID does not include your signature, you will be asked to provide another ID that has your signature.
Note:
If you do not bring your ID, you may still vote; however, you will be required to vote a provisional ballot, which will later be evaluated by the Canvassing Board for eligibility.
Acceptable Forms of Photo ID
Florida Driver's License
Florida ID Card (issued by DHSMV)
U.S. Passport
Debit or Credit Card
Military ID
Student ID
Retirement Center ID
Neighborhood Association ID
Public Assistance ID
Veteran Health ID (issued by the US Department of Veterans Affairs)
Concealed Weapon License (issued pursuant to F.S. 790.06)
Employee ID card issued by any branch, department, agency, or entity of the Federal Government, the state, a county, or a municipality.
Early Voting for the
2026 Primary Election
:
Early Voting Dates and Times:
Saturday, August 8, through Sunday, August 16, from 7:00 am to 7:00 pm.
Register to Vote
Voter Dashboard
Upcoming Elections
Election Worker Dashboard
Vote-By-Mail
Flyers & Publications
Contact Us
Main Office
4301 Cherry Road, West Palm Beach, FL 33409
Mailing Address
P.O. Box 22309, West Palm Beach, FL 33416
Phone
:
(561) 656-6200
|
Fax
: (561) 656-6287
Hours
: Monday through Friday: 8:30 am to 5:00 pm
See All Locations
Popular Links
Election Results
Programs & Initiatives
Public Records Request
Voting Districts
Your Elections Office
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
PLEASE NOTE:
Under Florida law, email addresses are public records. If you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing. Florida Statute 668.6076.
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
