Register to Vote
Skip to main content
Alina Garcia
Supervisor of Elections
Miami-Dade County
305-499-8683
Menu
Be Election Ready
Be Election Ready
Find all the information you need to ensure you are election ready.
Upcoming and Past Elections
Take a look at scheduled elections coming up in 2026 and 2027, as well as past elections
going back to 2025, with access to older election data.
Register to Vote
Read the requirements to register to vote in Miami-Dade County, as well as how to
update your voter information.
Voter Information
Get personalized voter information, including your sample ballot and polling place.
You can also request a vote-by-mail ballot, check its status and make changes to your
voter information.
Three Ways to Vote
Read about early voting, voting by mail and voting on Election Day.
Voter Toolkit
Understand the voting process and be sure you have everything you need when you go
vote.
Petition Amendments, Initiatives & Referendums
Citizens can petition to propose state amendments, as well as Miami-Dade and municipal
initiatives and referendums, to go up for a vote if certain requirements are met.
Voters with Special Needs
Voters with disabilities have multiple voting options that meet Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA) standards.
Provisional Voting
A provisional ballot shall be issued to a person who may not meet voter requirements.
The ballot is then reviewed by the Canvassing Board.
Overseas and Military Voters
Overseas and military voters who are Miami-Dade County residents can access resources
to participate in local elections.
Restoration of Voting Rights
If you are convicted of a felony, you lose the right to vote in Florida until your
voting rights are restored.
Candidates & Campaigns
Candidates & Campaigns
Resources for anyone who wants to run for office as well as political campaigns.
Information for Candidates
Valuable information for candidates and those looking to run for office, including
County candidates’ qualifying documents and campaign finance reports.
Candidate Qualifying Handbook
Read laws and details about running for a Miami-Dade County office.
Political Committees
Learn everything you need to know about forming a political committee.
Poll Watchers
Each political party and each candidate may have one poll watcher in each voting location
or early voting area at any one time during an election.
Statistics & Historical Data
Statistics & Historical Data
Access election results, data and more election-related information.
Past Election Results
Access past statistics and results of elections.
Current Precincts, Districts and Municipalities
Get breakdowns of current voting precincts, districts and municipalities, including
municipal codes, after 2023 reprecincting.
Voter Registration Statistics
Review current and past voter registration data broken down by political party, precinct,
demographics and more.
Redistricting
Every 10 years, the Florida Legislature and certain local jurisdictions redraw districts
from which Florida voters elect local, state and federal government officials.
Reprecincting
After redistricting, the Supervisor of Elections updates the county’s voting precincts
to conform the precinct boundaries to the new district boundaries.
Election Calendar Archive
Access elections that have been scheduled from 2009 to 2024.
Sample Ballots Archive
Access sample ballots from past elections from 2004 to 2024.
Poll Workers
News & Legal Notices
News & Legal Notices
Access press releases and legal notices from the Office of the Supervisor of Elections.
News Releases
Read news releases published by the Office of the Supervisor of Elections.
Legal Notices
Access legal notices, including lists of potentially ineligible voters.
About Us
About Us
Read about the Office of the Supervisor of Elections.
Supervisor of Elections Alina Garcia
A biography of Alina Garcia, Miami-Dade County's Supervisor of Elections.
Contact Us
Contact the office of the Miami-Dade County Supervisor of Elections.
Community Outreach
Request Supervisor of Elections staff to discuss election topics with your group or
organization.
Join Our Team
Help ensure safe, secure and accessible elections by joining the Miami-Dade County
Supervisor of Elections team as a poll worker or election employee.
Elections Document Requests
A variety of items are available to assist candidates, committees, political parties,
government agencies, courts, students, media and interested citizens.
Elections Integrity & Security
The Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections is committed to ensuring the ongoing integrity
and security of the voting process.
Annual Reports
The Annual Report highlights the notable accomplishments made by the Miami-Dade County
Office of the Supervisor of Elections each year.
Home
>
Be Election Ready
>
Register to Vote
Register to Vote
Registering to vote is a right. It is available to all persons over the age of 18 and are United States citizens who meet the requirements.
Read the Voter Information Guide.
(
Español
) (
Kreyòl
)
Who Can Register to Vote?
Anyone who is at least 18 years old
Though you can pre-register at 16 years old.
Any United States citizen
You can register right after you’ve become a citizen.
A Miami-Dade County resident
There is no length of time you must live in the county as long as you register at least 29 days before the election in which you wish to vote.
Who Cannot Register to Vote?
Anyone who is not a U.S. citizen
Anyone who has been adjudicated mentally incapacitated with respect to voting
Anyone convicted of a felony who has not had their civil rights restored
Note: The Miami-Dade Office of the Supervisor of Elections uses an online service (
SAVE
) administered by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) to verify immigration status and U.S. citizenship.
How to Register to Vote
Prospective voters who meet all the eligibility requirements can
register to vote online
.
You may also submit a
Voter Registration Application
(
Español
) (
Kreyòl
) by mail. Please print, sign it and mail it to the Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections. The application must contain the applicant's original signature.
When you register to vote, it is required by law that you include a residential address. A P.O. Box or business address is only allowed as a mailing address, not as a home address.
A family member may drop off your application at the
Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections or the Elections Branch office
in Downtown Miami.
Voter Information Card
A Voter Information Card includes all identifying information, as well as the precinct number, location, applicable voting districts, and other elections-related information.
Voters may receive a new Voter Information Card in the mail when:
A change of name, address or party affiliation is submitted
A permanent polling place change is made
During a countywide mailer to voters from the Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections
A voter may receive a replacement Voter Information Card by providing a signed, written request with their name and date of birth to the Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections. Upon verification of registration, a duplicate Voter Information Card will be issued to the voter without charge. It should arrive within one week.
Request a replacement Voter Information Card
Voter Registration Changes
Address Changes: Miami-Dade and Florida Voters
Miami-Dade County registered voters can
request address changes online
, by telephone, email, fax, mail or in person.
You will need to provide your full name, the new address, date of birth, signature (written requests only) and either your Florida Driver License number, Florida Identification number, or last four digits of your Social Security number. Changes submitted on a
Voter Registration Application
(
Español
) (
Kreyòl
) must also include the
voter's original signature
.
If you've moved to Miami-Dade County from another Florida county, you will need to register with us to vote in Miami-Dade.
Political Party or Name Changes
Miami-Dade County registered voters can
request political party and name changes online
or by submitting a
Voter Registration Application
(
Español
) (
Kreyòl
), which must include your full name, address, date of birth, new party affiliation (if applicable), Florida Driver License number, Florida Identification number, or last four digits of your Social Security number and original signature.
A change to a voter's party affiliation must be made 29 days before an election, if the election is for the purpose of nominating a political party nominee.
Voter Registration Roll Removal Request
Miami-Dade County registered voters can request to be removed from the voter registration rolls by submitting a signed
Request to be Removed Form
. The completed form may be returned by mail, email, fax or in person to the Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections.
Voter Registration List Maintenance Activities FAQs
Supervisors of Elections are required to conduct annual voter registration list maintenance activities to protect the integrity of the electoral process by ensuring accurate and current voter registration records in the Florida Voter Registration System.
WHAT LAWS GOVERN VOTER LIST MAINTENANCE ACTIVITIES?
List maintenance activities are conducted in accordance with federal and state laws, including the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 (“Motor Voter Act”), and the Help America Vote Act of 2002, as well as Florida Statutes Sections
98.065
and
98.075
.
WHY CONDUCT VOTER REGISTRATION LIST MAINTENANCE ACTIVITIES?
Voter list maintenance activities identify changes in either the voter's eligibility or address. Conducting regular voter list maintenance keeps voter records current and accurate and promotes the secure and efficient conduct of elections in Florida.
Changes in voter eligibility or address subject to voter list maintenance activity include:
A voter is deceased
A voter has moved out of state
A voter was convicted of a felony
A voter was adjudicated mentally incapacitated
A voter is not a U.S. citizen
A voter is not at least 18 years of age
A voter lives at a non-residential address
A voter no longer resides at the address on record
A voter requests to be removed from the Florida Voter Registration System
WHEN ARE VOTER LIST MAINTENANCE ACTIVITIES CONDUCTED?
The Supervisors of Elections are required to conduct comprehensive voter registration list maintenance activities once each year, beginning no later than April 1st. The voter registration list maintenance activities must be completed no later than 90 days before a federal election.
Voter address list maintenance also occurs year-round as the Office of the Supervisor of Elections receives mail returned as undeliverable from the United States Postal Service (USPS) or from other third-party sources such as Jury Notices and Department of Highway Safety & Motor Vehicles (DHSMV) lists from the Florida Division of Elections.
HOW ARE VOTER REGISTRATIONS SUBJECT TO LIST MAINTENANCE ACTIVITIES IDENTIFIED?
Supervisors of Elections use the following information to conduct voter registration list maintenance activities to identify voters whose address may have changed:
Change-of-address information provided by USPS
Change-of-address information provided by DHSMV or Elections Offices in other States
Address Confirmation Final Notices mailed to all registered voters who have not voted in the preceding two general elections or any election in between and have had no activity on their record during this timeframe
(Conducted in odd-numbered years)
Mail returned as undeliverable from the USPS or from other third-party sources such as Jury Notices and DHSMV lists from the Florida Division of Elections
Additionally, Supervisors of Elections may conduct voter list maintenance activities upon direct receipt of, access to, or knowledge of information from any governmental entity that identifies a registered voter as potentially ineligible.
HOW DO SUPERVISORS OF ELECTIONS CONTACT VOTERS UPON RECEIPT OF ADDRESS CORRECTION INFORMATION?
Supervisors of Elections use the following procedures upon receipt of information that a registered voter’s address information has changed:
Address Confirmation Request (ACR) – non-forwardable form; U.S. Postal Service will return with forwarding information if undeliverable; used to verify names and addresses of voters; also used to verify addresses when a third-party source provides a mailing address. If it is returned as undeliverable, an Address Confirmation Final Notice (ACFN) is mailed.
Address Change Notice (ACN) – forwardable form sent to the newly recorded address with a preaddressed postage-paid return form; sent when an update is received from a third-party source indicating the voter may have moved within the state. If it is returned as undeliverable, an Address Confirmation Final Notice (ACFN) is mailed.
Address Confirmation Final Notice (ACFN) – forwardable form sent to newly recorded address with preaddressed postage-paid return form; sent when an update is received notice from a third-party source indicating the voter may have moved out of state; also used when the Supervisor receives undeliverable mail from a voter’s legal residence.
HOW ARE VOTERS DESCRIBED UNDER FLORIDA LAW FOR VOTER LIST MAINTENANCE ACTIVITIES?
An
Active Voter
is a registered voter who has not had any mail returned as undeliverable or has either updated their voter record, requested a vote-by-mail ballot, or voted within the last two federal general elections.
An
Inactive Voter
is a registered voter who was sent an Address Confirmation Final Notice (ACFN) and did not return the postage prepaid confirmation form within 30 days or for whom the final notice was returned as undeliverable. Inactive voters remain in the Florida Voter Registration System and
are still eligible to vote
.
WHAT HAPPENS TO INACTIVE VOTERS?
An Inactive Voter may be restored to active status at any time by either updating their voter record, requesting a vote-by-mail ballot, or voting.
If an Inactive Voter does not update their voter registration record, request a vote-by-mail ballot, or vote by the second federal general election following their status change to Inactive Voter, the voter’s name will be removed from the Florida Voter Registration System. Once removed, an otherwise eligible voter will be required to register to vote again to have their name restored to the Florida Voter Registration System.
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN A SUPERVISOR OF ELECTIONS HAS INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH FLORIDA LAW that identifies a registered voter as potentially ineligible
When a Supervisor of Elections is in direct receipt of, has access to, or knows of information from any governmental entity that identifies a registered voter as potentially ineligible, that identified voter is notified that their eligibility to vote is in question by first-class certified mail, return receipt requested.
If a certified letter is returned as undeliverable, the names and addresses of voters who may be ineligible to vote are published in a legal notice, which provides instructions and requirements to avoid removal from the Florida Voter Registration System.
If the voter responds to a certified letter or legal notice and concurs with the information provided, the voter is removed from the Florida Voter Registration System and sent a notice of ineligibility.
If the certified letter is received but the voter fails to respond to the certified letter or legal notice, fails to provide any evidence, or does not request a hearing, and the Supervisor determines based on a preponderance of the evidence that the voter is ineligible, the voter is removed from the Florida Voter Registration System and sent a notice of ineligibility. If the Supervisor of Elections determines the voter is still eligible, the voter remains in the voter registration system, and a letter of eligibility is sent to the voter.
If a voter disagrees with the information provided regarding ineligibility, the voter has the right to request a hearing to provide proof of their eligibility. If, upon a review of the evidence, the Supervisor of Elections determines, based on a preponderance of the evidence, that the voter is ineligible, the voter is removed from the Florida Voter Registration System and sent a notice of ineligibility.  If the Supervisor of Elections determines the voter is still eligible, the voter remains in the Florida Voter Registration System, and a letter of eligibility is sent to the voter.
Once a voter is designated as ineligible or removed from the Florida Voter Registration System, the voter must register to vote again once they have met all requirements to register to vote.
HOW ARE VOTER LIST MAINTENANCE ACTIVITIES REPORTED?
Voter registration statistics are updated monthly and posted on the
Voter Registration Statistics page
. These statistics reflect
only active registered voters
.
Twice a year, on or before January 31 and July 31, the Supervisor of Elections is required to certify to the Division of Elections the list and eligibility maintenance activities conducted during the six months prior. Certification forms must include the number of notices sent, the number of responses to notices, the number of voters designated as inactive, and the number of voters removed from the Florida Voter Registration System.
Signature Updates
Miami-Dade County registered voters can request a signature update online or complete a Voter Registration Application. Changes submitted on a Voter Registration Application must contain the voter's original signature.
It is important to update your signature as it may change over the years. If you are unable to sign your name due to a disability, a mark may be used such as an "X." This ensures that any petition or vote-by-mail ballot signed by you will match the signature that we have on file provided you continue to use the same mark. All signature updates for use in verifying vote-by-mail ballots, provisional ballot voter certificates, or petitions must be received before the vote-by-mail ballot is returned, provisional ballot is cast, or the petition is submitted for verification.
Request signature update online
Complete a voter registration application
Complete a voter registration application (Español)
Complete a voter registration application (Kreyòl)
Third-Party Registration
Before soliciting or collecting voter registration applications, third-party voter registration organizations must now register with the state. For more information, visit the
Florida Division of Elections website
.
Procedures for registered third-party voter registration organizations
(
Español
) (
Kreyòl
)
Procedures for non-registered third-party voter registration organizations
(
Español
) (
Kreyòl
)
Other Voter Registration Agencies
There are many authorized voter registration agencies where you can register in person. Once you complete the application, give it to the agency official. The agency will mail or have the application delivered to the Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections.
Department of Motor Vehicles Driver’s License Offices
Miami-Dade County Public Libraries
Most city, town and village halls
Any State public assistance agency
Any agencies that provide assistance to disabled persons
Armed Forces recruiting offices
Public Records Exemption
Eligible public officials may request to have address information on their voter registration record exempt from public view.
View the Voter Registration Public Records Exemption Form
Customized Voter Information
Get personalized voter information, including your sample ballot and polling place. You can also request a vote-by-mail ballot, check its status and make changes to your voter information.
Get Your Voter Information
Contact Information
Customer Service
305-499-8444
Fax Number
305-499-8371
TTY
305-499-8480
Email
register@votemiamidade.gov
Vote-by-Mail Ballot Section
Supervisor of Elections
P.O. Box 521250
Miami, FL 33152
Office of the Supervisor of Elections
2700 NW 87th Avenue
Miami, Florida 33172
Phone: 305-499-VOTE (8683)
Office of the Supervisor of Elections Branch Office
Stephen P. Clark Center lobby area
111 NW 1st Street
Miami, Florida 33128
Featured Links
Voters with Special Needs
Current Precincts, Districts and Municipalities
Petition Amendments, Initiatives and Referendums
Resources
Florida Division of Elections
Florida Elections Commission
Miami-Dade Commission on Ethics and Public Trust
Help and Support
Privacy Statement
ADA Notice
Disclaimer
©
Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections. All rights reserved.
