Register to Vote or Update Registration | Alachua County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Supervisor
Voters
Elections
Campaigns
Election Workers
Outreach / Media
Search
Voter Registration Application Pick-Up
Home
Voters
Register to Vote or Update Registration
Register to Vote or Update Registration
Online
Register to vote or update your registration by visiting the
Florida Online Voter Registration System
.
Download
You can download the Florida Voter Registration Application and fill it out at home:
Voter Registration Application, English (PDF)
Voter Registration Application, Español (PDF)
You must mail or deliver your application to our office or drop it off at an Alachua County Library, DMV, or Social Security Administration Office. Please call 352-374-5252 for a full list of locations that will accept your application.
Pick-Up
Pick up a Voter Registration Application Form at
locations throughout Alachua County
. You must mail or deliver your application to our office.
In Person
Register to vote or update your registration in person at our office, at any
designated voter registration agency (DOCX)
, or at one of our community voter registration drives.
Mail your form or visit us at:
515 North Main Street
Suite 300
Gainesville, FL 32601
Eligibility to Register
Chapter 97 of the Florida Statutes governs the qualifications and registration of voters in the state of Florida.
To be eligible to register and vote in Alachua County, Florida, you must be:
18 years of age (A person may pre-register on or after their 16th birthday, but must be 18 to vote.)
A citizen of the United States
A legal resident of Florida
A legal resident of Alachua County
The following persons are
not
entitled to register or to vote:
Persons adjudicated mentally incompetent with respect to voting, who have not had their competency restored pursuant to law
Persons convicted of a felony, whose civil rights have not been restored. If you have been convicted of a felony and have not had your rights restored, review the clemency information online.
Deadline to Register
The deadline to register to vote is 29 days before any election. You can update your registration record at any time, but for a Primary Election, party changes must be completed 29 days before that election. You will be contacted if your new application is incomplete, denied or a duplicate of an existing registration. Your Voter Information Card will be mailed to you once you are registered.
If you were unable to find the information you were looking for, be sure to look through our
Frequently Asked Questions section
of our website.
Updating Your Signature
It is very important that you keep your signature up to date with our office.
When you sign a Vote By Mail ballot envelope or candidate and initiative petitions, we'll match your signature to the signature we have on file for you.
Signatures change over time, so if you believe your signature is no longer current, please complete and submit a voter registration application with your current signature.
You can complete the application at our office during our business hours, at a voter registration agency (such as a public library), or by downloading and printing the application form and mailing the completed form to our office, at:
515 N Main Street
Suite 300
Gainesville Florida, 32601
Register to Vote
My Registration Status
Vote-by-Mail
Early Voting
Where Do I Vote?
Upcoming Elections
Kim A. Barton, Supervisor of Elections, Alachua County
Josiah T. Walls Building • 515 North Main Street, Suite 300 • Gainesville, FL 32601
Hours
:
8:30 am to 5 pm, Monday through Friday
Phone:
352-374-5252
•
Fax:
352-374-5264 •
TDD:
352-374-5232
Toll-Free Spanish Hotline:
833-875-0365
Email Alachua County Elections
Email for Vote-by-Mail Information
Public Records Custodian:
Elections Information Technology Director Ewomazino "Zino" Ebiala
Submit a Public Records Request
Email Public Records Custodian
Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
Public Records
Notices
Subscribe to Our Monthly Newsletter
Election Results
/QuickLinks.aspx
Home
Contact Us
Accessibility
Site Map
Copyright Notices
/QuickLinks.aspx
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
