Request a Ballot  | Duval County Elections, FL Official Website
This website is AudioEye enabled and is being optimized for accessibility. To open the AudioEye Toolbar, press "shift + =". Some assistive technologies may require the use of a passthrough function before this keystroke. For more information, activate the button labeled "Explore your accessibility options".
Loading
Skip to Main Content
Voter Information
Election Information
Candidates
Data/ Maps/ Past Election Results
Poll Workers
Search
Voting Basics
Register to Vote - Military / Overseas
Already Registered / Update Information
Request a Ballot
Ballot Not Received
Important Dates and Deadlines
2027 Important Dates and Deadlines
Military/Overseas Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Home
Voter Information
Military / Overseas Voting
Request a Ballot
Request a Ballot
For a broader and more detailed explanation of the process of voting by mail (including faxed and emailed ballots),
visiting voting Basics
.
You
must be registered to vote in Duval County
to request a vote-by-mail ballot in Duval County. If you have just registered to vote for the first time, please
confirm that you are registered prior to requesting ballots
. You can confirm your registration status by (a)
checking your voter status
(the website reflects information processed up to the previous day) or by (b) contacting the
Military and Overseas Voting Team
.
Please be aware:
Requests for vote-by-mail ballots expire December 31 of every even-numbered year. In other words, requests expire at the end of the year after every federal general election. Once any general election has passed, you must request vote-by-mail ballots again to have vote-by-mail ballots sent to you for future elections.
Deadlines and Things to Consider
Deadline to Request a Vote-by-Mail Ballot:
The deadline for the Supervisor of Elections to receive a request for a ballot to be sent by mail is
12 days prior to any election at 5 pm. U.S. Eastern Time
. However, persons eligible for emailed and faxed ballots (active-duty uniformed services and Merchant Marine members living outside Duval County; such members' spouses and dependents living outside Duval County, and overseas voters) may still request that a ballot be emailed or faxed after this deadline. Requests received after 7 pm. U.S. Eastern Time on Election Day will not be processed for that election, and the voted ballot must be received by the Supervisor of Elections by the deadline, regardless of when the ballot is requested.
Vote-by-mail ballots begin being sent to members of the uniformed services and Merchant Marine, to spouses and dependents of such members, and to overseas voters
by 45 days prior to any election
, after which vote-by-mail ballots are sent
within two business days
after the request is received by the Supervisor of Elections.
Updating Your Signature Is Essential for Vote-by-Mail Voters
:
Updating your signature on your voter registration record periodically (or when your signature changes) is important since your voted ballot will be counted based on whether the signature returned with your voted ballot matches the signature on your voter registration record. You may update your signature, request vote-by-mail ballots, and update any other information by using option B.
Who May Request a Ballot:
Immediate family (spouse, OR parent, child, grandparent, grandchild, sibling, of the voter or of the voter’s spouse) or the voter’s legal guardian may request a ballot for a voter, but a ballot requested by such persons may only be sent to a destination already on the voter's record. Any changes being made to the record (for example, mailing address, ballot delivery address, email address for ballot delivery, etc.) may
only be made by the voter
.
Overseas voters are also eligible to request and return the state write-in vote-by-mail ballot. See additional information following for more details.
Ways to Request a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Option A: Requesting a Ballot by Submitting the Request Online
To request a ballot by submitting the request online, a person will need to provide either the voter's Florida Driver License number, the voter's Florida Identification Card number, or the last four digits of the voter’s Social Security number. Ballot requests submitted online can take up to 24 hours to be available to our staff for processing, after which time our staff will process the request. After you submit your vote-by-mail ballot request online,
please confirm that the request was processed
. You may confirm that your vote-by-mail ballot request was processed by checking your
checking your voter status
(the website reflects information processed up to the previous day) or
contacting the Military and Overseas Voting Team
.
When completing the online request form, if you want the ballot delivered to you by email or fax, military/military dependent voters will need to enter a ballot address outside of Duval County. Overseas voters will need to enter an overseas ballot address. After you do that, the system will recognize your designation as either domestic military/military dependent outside Duval County and/or overseas, and the options for email and fax as delivery methods will appear.
Submit a
vote-by-mail ballot request online
.
Option B: Requesting a Ballot by Submitting a Paper Form
The Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) may
only
be used by members of the uniformed services and Merchant Marine living outside Duval County; by uniformed services and Merchant Marine members' dependents and spouses living outside Duval County; and by overseas voters. (
Request a ballot if you are a civilian living within a U.S. state or territory
.)
Choose and print your form:
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) (PDF)
. The Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) may
only
be used by members of the uniformed services and Merchant Marine living
outside
Duval County; by uniformed services and Merchant Marine members' dependents and spouses living
outside
Duval County; and by overseas voters.
Statewide Vote-by-Mail Request Form (PDF)
Use this form if you are a uniformed services or Merchant Marine member living
inside
Duval County or such member’s spouse or dependent living
inside
Duval County.
If you are a
civilian living within the U.S. and its territories
, see
how to request a ballot.
If you need the form mailed to you, please contact the
Military and Overseas Voting Team
.
Complete
the form with a handwritten, pen-to-paper signature. An incomplete form could delay ballot delivery; if you have questions, please refer to
Frequently Asked Questions
or contact the
Military and Overseas Voting Team
.
If you are already registered to vote in Florida, you may
email the completed form
, fax it to 904-301-3867,
or
mail it to the UOCAVA Team, Supervisor of Elections Office, 105 E. Monroe St., Jacksonville, FL 32202.  If you are wanting to update your party affiliation this must be completed online or by mail. (Learn details about how to
register to vote in Florida
.)
Option C: By Calling the Military and Overseas Voting Team
Call 904-255-8683. To be routed to the right area, please mention that you are an active-duty member of the military or merchant marine, a spouse or dependent of such a member,
or
an overseas voter.
Option D: By Visiting the Supervisor of Elections Office
Visit the Supervisor of Elections Office (105 E. Monroe St., Jacksonville, FL 32202) during business hours.
Mention that you are an active-duty member of the military or merchant marine, a spouse or dependent of such member, or an overseas voter to summon a member of the military and overseas voters team.
Additional Information
State write-in vote-by-mail ballot:
No earlier than 180 days before a general election, an overseas voter may request a state write-in vote-by-mail ballot. In the request, the voter must indicate that due to military or other contingencies that preclude normal mail delivery, the voter cannot vote a regular vote-by-mail ballot during the normal voting period. The state write-in vote-by-mail ballot is made available to overseas voters 90 to 180 days prior to a general election.
The state write-in vote-by-mail ballot is
not the typical official ballot.
The state write-in vote-by-mail ballot will contain
only the election races (not the candidate names except for judicial retention races)
, and for each race, the voter may either fill in the name of the candidate or the name of a political party. The ballot for that race would be counted for the candidate of that political party. If you are interested in a state write-in vote-by-mail ballot, please contact the
Military and Overseas Voting Team
.
Please note that under Florida's very broad public records law, email communications to and from city officials are subject to public disclosure.
Sections 97.1031, 101.045(1), 101.62, and 101.68, Fla. Stat. (2024)
Register to Vote
Voter Dashboard
My Voter Status
Early Voting
Where Do I Vote
Vote-by-Mail
Contact Us
This form has been modified since it was saved. Please review all fields before submitting.
* indicates a required field
Department
*
-- Select One --
Candidates
Voter Services
Vote-by-Mail Request
Absent Military/Overseas
Election Public Records Request
Education and Outreach
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
*
How May We Assist You?
*
Le
ave T
his Bla
nk:
Receive an email copy of this form.
Email address
This field is not part of the form submission.
Submit
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
OK
Office Information
Main Office:
105 E. Monroe Street, Jacksonville, FL 32202
Elections Center:
1 Imeson Park Blvd. Building 100, Jacksonville, FL 32218
Office Hours:
Monday through Friday, 7:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
Phone:
904-255-VOTE (8683)
Fax:
904-255-3434
Email Duval County Elections
Submit an Election Public Records Request
Home
Contact Us
Accessibility
Site Map
Copyright Notices
Request your Vote-by-Mail Ballot Today
If you need to request your Vote-by-Mail Ballot to be mailed for the 2026 General Election
you have until October 22, 2026 at 5 p.m.
Electronic Ballot Request | Duval County Elections, FL Official Website
Do Not Show Again
Close
Hi, how can I help?
Explore your accessibility options
