Office of the Supervisor of Elections of Miami-Dade County
Skip to main content
Alina Garcia
Supervisor of Elections
Miami-Dade County
305-499-8683
Menu
Be Election Ready
Be Election Ready
Find all the information you need to ensure you are election ready.
Upcoming and Past Elections
Take a look at scheduled elections coming up in 2026 and 2027, as well as past elections
going back to 2025, with access to older election data.
Register to Vote
Read the requirements to register to vote in Miami-Dade County, as well as how to
update your voter information.
Voter Information
Get personalized voter information, including your sample ballot and polling place.
You can also request a vote-by-mail ballot, check its status and make changes to your
voter information.
Three Ways to Vote
Read about early voting, voting by mail and voting on Election Day.
Voter Toolkit
Understand the voting process and be sure you have everything you need when you go
vote.
Petition Amendments, Initiatives & Referendums
Citizens can petition to propose state amendments, as well as Miami-Dade and municipal
initiatives and referendums, to go up for a vote if certain requirements are met.
Voters with Special Needs
Voters with disabilities have multiple voting options that meet Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA) standards.
Provisional Voting
A provisional ballot shall be issued to a person who may not meet voter requirements.
The ballot is then reviewed by the Canvassing Board.
Overseas and Military Voters
Overseas and military voters who are Miami-Dade County residents can access resources
to participate in local elections.
Restoration of Voting Rights
If you are convicted of a felony, you lose the right to vote in Florida until your
voting rights are restored.
Candidates & Campaigns
Candidates & Campaigns
Resources for anyone who wants to run for office as well as political campaigns.
Information for Candidates
Valuable information for candidates and those looking to run for office, including
County candidates’ qualifying documents and campaign finance reports.
Candidate Qualifying Handbook
Read laws and details about running for a Miami-Dade County office.
Political Committees
Learn everything you need to know about forming a political committee.
Poll Watchers
Each political party and each candidate may have one poll watcher in each voting location
or early voting area at any one time during an election.
Statistics & Historical Data
Statistics & Historical Data
Access election results, data and more election-related information.
Past Election Results
Access past statistics and results of elections.
Current Precincts, Districts and Municipalities
Get breakdowns of current voting precincts, districts and municipalities, including
municipal codes, after 2023 reprecincting.
Voter Registration Statistics
Review current and past voter registration data broken down by political party, precinct,
demographics and more.
Redistricting
Every 10 years, the Florida Legislature and certain local jurisdictions redraw districts
from which Florida voters elect local, state and federal government officials.
Reprecincting
After redistricting, the Supervisor of Elections updates the county’s voting precincts
to conform the precinct boundaries to the new district boundaries.
Election Calendar Archive
Access elections that have been scheduled from 2009 to 2024.
Sample Ballots Archive
Access sample ballots from past elections from 2004 to 2024.
Poll Workers
News & Legal Notices
News & Legal Notices
Access press releases and legal notices from the Office of the Supervisor of Elections.
News Releases
Read news releases published by the Office of the Supervisor of Elections.
Legal Notices
Access legal notices, including lists of potentially ineligible voters.
About Us
About Us
Read about the Office of the Supervisor of Elections.
Supervisor of Elections Alina Garcia
A biography of Alina Garcia, Miami-Dade County's Supervisor of Elections.
Contact Us
Contact the office of the Miami-Dade County Supervisor of Elections.
Community Outreach
Request Supervisor of Elections staff to discuss election topics with your group or
organization.
Join Our Team
Help ensure safe, secure and accessible elections by joining the Miami-Dade County
Supervisor of Elections team as a poll worker or election employee.
Elections Document Requests
A variety of items are available to assist candidates, committees, political parties,
government agencies, courts, students, media and interested citizens.
Elections Integrity & Security
The Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections is committed to ensuring the ongoing integrity
and security of the voting process.
Annual Reports
The Annual Report highlights the notable accomplishments made by the Miami-Dade County
Office of the Supervisor of Elections each year.
Home
Miami-Dade County Supervisor of Elections Alina Garcia
Colombia Earthquake Relief
Relieve. Restore. Empower. Support relief efforts for those impacted by the earthquake in Colombia.
The Office of the Supervisor of Elections Alina Garcia is proud to join efforts again with GEM. If you would like to support the relief efforts following the earthquakes in Colombia, please visit the
GEM website
. As always, thank you for your support and collaboration.
Provide Support
Brindar Apoyo a las Víctimas del Terremoto
Welcome to the new Supervisor of Elections website
Supervisor of Elections Alina Garcia welcomes you to the new Elections website. Find everything you need to Be Election Ready and participate in the ultimate exercise of democracy.
Watch the Welcome Video
Primary Election taking place Tuesday, August 18
Registered Republican and Democratic Party voters countywide can vote in the Primary Election on Tuesday, August 18th. In addition, voters in various cities will host elections. Learn about early voting locations and times.
Aug. 18 Primary Election information
Early Voting schedule
Sample Ballot
Request a vote-by-mail ballot
Vote-by-mail ballot requests expire after every General Election every two years. Therefore, voters who wish to vote by mail must submit a new request.
Ask for a Vote-by-Mail Ballot
Become a poll worker
Play a vital role in our democracy. See if you're eligible to become a poll worker and help fellow Miami-Dade County residents when they visit their polling place.
Sign Up to be a Poll Worker
Our principles
Secure
Accurate
Transparent
Accessible
1,639,185
Registered Voters
Not a registered voter?
See if you meet the qualifications to become a Miami-Dade County registered voter and participate in this important democratic process.
Register to vote
Elections & Voting
2026 Elections
Get details, dates and key deadlines for elections scheduled this year.
Register to Vote
Read the requirements necessary to be eligible to vote in Miami-Dade County.
Your Voter Information
Update your registration, find your precinct, view your customized sample ballot and more.
Three Ways to Vote
Cast your ballot the way you prefer. Vote by mail, vote early or vote on Election Day.
Vote By Mail
Request and track the status of your vote-by-mail ballot.
Past Election Results
Access past statistics and results of previous elections.
Community Outreach
Request to host a community outreach event with Supervisor of Elections staff.
Become a Poll Worker
Serve as a key member of the team that brings democracy to our voters.
Elected Officials
Find local, statewide and federal elected officials, including their current terms in office.
Your Supervisor of Elections
Meet your Supervisor of Elections, Alina Garcia, and learn more about her vision for the Office of the Supervisor of Elections.
Read the Supervisor of Elections' Biography
Latest News & Events
Read News Releases
May 1, 2026
Renew your request to vote by mail
Vote-by-mail ballot requests expire after every General Election every two years. Therefore, voters who vote by mail must submit a new request.
May 1, 2026
Election integrity and security
Read how the Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections is committed to ensuring the ongoing integrity and security of the voting process.
May 1, 2026
2026 elections around the world
Democracy and voting transcend borders, urging citizens living abroad to register and request ballots in advance by reaching out to their embassy or consulate for assistance.
Follow us on Instagram
View this profile on Instagram
Miami-Dade County Supervisor of Elections Office
(@
votemiamidade
) • Instagram photos and videos
Stay connected with us
Join our mailing list and stay up to date on election news.
Email *
First Name
Last Name
Sign Up!
About the Office of the Supervisor of Elections
The Supervisor of Elections handles federal, state, county and municipal elections in Miami-Dade County. We also provide election services and assistance to municipalities, School Districts, Special Taxing Districts, Community Council Districts and Community Development Districts.
Voting is one of our constitutional rights and key to our nation's democracy. With your vote, you exercise your right to be heard.
Learn More About the Office of the Supervisor of Elections
Elections Document Requests
Office of the Supervisor of Elections
2700 NW 87th Avenue
Miami, Florida 33172
Phone: 305-499-VOTE (8683)
Office of the Supervisor of Elections Branch Office
Stephen P. Clark Center lobby area
111 NW 1st Street
Miami, Florida 33128
Featured Links
Voters with Special Needs
Current Precincts, Districts and Municipalities
Petition Amendments, Initiatives and Referendums
Resources
Florida Division of Elections
Florida Elections Commission
Miami-Dade Commission on Ethics and Public Trust
Help and Support
Privacy Statement
ADA Notice
Disclaimer
©
Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections. All rights reserved.
