Indian River County Supervisor of Elections FL
Skip to main content
Language
English
Afrikaans
Albanian
Arabic
Armenian
Azerbaijani
Basque
Belarusian
Bengali
Bosnian
Bulgarian
Catalan
Cebuano
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Esperanto
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
Galician
Georgian
German
Greek
Gujarati
Haitian Creole
Hausa
Hebrew
Hindi
Hmong
Hungarian
Icelandic
Igbo
Indonesian
Irish
Italian
Japanese
Javanese
Kannada
Khmer
Korean
Lao
Latin
Latvian
Lithuanian
Macedonian
Malay
Maltese
Maori
Marathi
Mongolian
Nepali
Norwegian
Persian
Polish
Portuguese
Punjabi
Romanian
Russian
Serbian
Slovak
Slovenian
Somali
Spanish
Swahili
Swedish
Tamil
Telugu
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Vietnamese
Welsh
Yiddish
Yoruba
Zulu
Search
Home
I Want To...
Become a Poll Watcher
Look Up My Voter Information
Register to Vote
Request a Vote-By-Mail Ballot
Track My Provisional Ballot
Track My Vote-By-Mail Ballot
About Us
Meet Your Supervisor Leslie Rossway Swan
Staff Listing
Past Supervisors of Elections
Elected Officials
Who Are My Representatives?
When Do Electors Assume Office
Government Officials Guide
Outreach / Education
FAQs
Indian River County Voter Guide
FSE Scholarships
Help America Vote Act (HAVA)
Internship Programs
Newsroom
Press Releases
Newsletters
Outreach
Our Voting System
Political Parties
Data
Public Records
Public Records Request Form
Public Records Request Policy
Public Records Request Procedures
Public Records Charges / Fee Schedule
Public Records Exemption Request
Resource Allocation Report
Request Voter Data
Trends / Turnout
Public Notices
Legal Notice
Notice of Potential Ineligibility
Division of Elections
Active Registered Voters:
Democrat:
Republican:
NPA:
Other:
Total:
Contact Us
Leslie Rossway Swan
Supervisor of Elections
4375 43rd Avenue Vero Beach, FL 32967
(772) 226-4700
(772) 770-5367
email link
RELATED LINKS
HOURS
MON
8:30 am - 5:00 pm
TUE
8:30 am - 5:00 pm
WED
8:30 am - 5:00 pm
THU
8:30 am - 5:00 pm
FRI
8:30 am - 5:00 pm
SAT
CLOSED
SUN
CLOSED
Home
Voter Registration
Register to Vote / Update Your Voter Record
Register to Vote / Update Your Voter Record
If you are a current resident of Florida, you may register using Florida's online voter registration system or print out the voter registration form, and return it to our office (4375 43rd Avenue, Vero Beach, FL 32967). You can update your voter registration record at any time (i.e. party affiliation, address, name, etc.). Party changes must be made at least 29 days prior to an election in order for the party change to be effective for the upcoming election.
Online Voter Registration System
Must have Florida Driver's License or Florida I.D. Card and Social Security Number
Visit the Florida Division of Election's website for more information about online voter registration. The Florida Division of Elections website is
https://dos.fl.gov/elections/
If you have questions or issues using the online voter registration website, contact the Florida Division of Elections. For questions about your voter registration status, please contact the Indian River County Supervisor of Elections office at (772) 226-4700.
Voter Registration Form
(
English PDF
/
Español PDF
)
Register in Florida, you must be:
A United States citizen,
A Florida resident, and
At least 18 years old (you may pre-register if you are at least 16 years old)
If you have ever been convicted of a felony or if a court has ever found you to be mentally incapacitated with respect to voting, your right must be restored before you can register. Effective January 8, 2019, Amendment 4 will restore the rights of certain convicted felons upon completion of all terms of a sentence including parole or probation. The Amendment does not indicate that any particular steps or actions need to be taken by the previously disqualified person, other than completing the terms of a sentence including parole or probation, which may require some form of payments or restitution. For more information, visit the
Civil Rights Restoration Page
.
Address Change
The residential address on your voter registration record determines your Election Day voting location and the candidates and issues available for you to vote on in any election.  To avoid going to the incorrect voting location and having to complete a change of address before voting, please ensure the Elections Office has your current address on file.
Changes to your residential or mailing address within the State of Florida can be made by any of the following ways:
Online:
RegisterToVoteFlorida.Gov
By phone:
772-226-4700
Email:
[email protected]
Voter Registration Application (paper)
Signed Written Notice
IMPORTANT:
If you are submitting an address change (online, by phone, or electronic means), you must provide your date of birth and either your Florida Driver License number, Florida ID Card number, or the last four digits of your Social Security number, whichever may be verified in the supervisor’s records.
Political Party Change
Florida is a Closed Primary State.  In partisan office contests in a primary election, a voter may only vote for the candidates of the party in which the voter is registered. Voters registered with no party affiliation (NPA) are not eligible to vote for partisan candidates in a primary election. All registered voters regardless of party affiliation are entitled to vote on non-partisan candidates and issues in a primary election.
In a General Election, all registered voters receive the same ballot regardless of party affiliation and are eligible to vote for any candidate/issue.
You can update your party affiliation at any time, however, party changes must be made at least 29 days prior to an election in order for the party change to be effective for the upcoming election. For more information, visit our
Closed Primary Election page.
To update or change your party affiliation submit a Florida Voter Registration Application or complete the online voter application.
Name Change
If your name changes by marriage or other legal process, submit a Florida Voter Registration Application or complete the online voter application.
Signature Update
Over time signatures may begin to change and voters with physical disabilities or those affected by disease may have difficulty maintaining a consistent signature. Your signature on file with the Elections Office is used to verify your signature on a vote-by-mail ballot, provisional ballot, candidate petition, or initiative petition.
To update your signature or identifying mark by submitting a Florida Voter Registration Application and return by mail or in person to the Supervisor of Elections office.
Replacement of a Voter Information Card
Voter Information Cards are issued to all newly registered voters within ten days of registering to vote.  Replacement voter information cards are automatically mailed to voters with changes to their voter registration record. Voter Information Cards are used for informational purposes only and are not required to vote and cannot be used as ID.
If you lose or misplace your voter information card can be replaced by submitting a Florida Voter Registration Application and return by mail or in person to the Supervisor of Elections office.
SHARE
Share this page
Close
LET’S GET SOCIAL
Newsletters
4375 43rd Avenue
Vero Beach, FL 32967
Office:
(772) 226-4700
Fax: (772) 770-5367
Spanish Hotline:
(833) 347-2763
M - F, 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM
Accessibility Statement
The Indian River County Supervisor of Elections is committed to ensuring accessibility of its website to individuals with disabilities.
The Elections Office is committed to complying with Section 508 as well as WCAG 2.0 A and AA referring to website accessibility standards. If you have difficultly accessing the site or have any comments or feedback, please do not hesitate to contact us at
[email protected]
or call 772-226-4700.
