Military & Overseas Voters | Sarasota County Supervisor of Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
About Us
Voters
Elections
Candidates / Committees
Poll Workers
Search
Early Voting
Felon Voting Rights
Find My Precinct and Polling Place
Initiative Petitions
Military & Overseas Voters
My Voter Record
Register to Vote
Third-Party Voter Registration
Update Voter Information
Vote by Mail
Mail Ballot Request Service
Voter Rights & Responsibilities
Voter Guide (PDF)
Home
Voters
Military & Overseas Voters
Military & Overseas Voters
Register and Request a Vote-by-Mail Ballot in Florida
Uniformed service members, their dependents and citizens residing outside the United States may use the Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) to register to vote, request a vote-by-mail ballot and to update their contact information.
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
(PDF)
UOCAVA FAQs
What is UOCAVA?
The
Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act
(UOCAVA) ensures eligible citizens can apply to register to vote and vote by absentee ballot (vote-by-mail). Citizens covered under UOCAVA include:
Absent uniformed service members
Absent U.S. merchant marine members
Eligible family members of the above
U.S. citizens residing outside the United States
The
Military and Overseas Voters Empowerment Act (PDF)
(MOVE), which amended UOCAVA, requires states to send vote-by-mail ballots to absent military and overseas voters at least 45 days prior to a federal election. The supervisor of elections will send a ballot to each qualified UOCAVA voter who has requested a vote-by-mail ballot 45 days prior to each presidential preference primary, primary and general election.
Uniformed service members and their dependents residing in their voting jurisdictions are not covered under UOCAVA.
Can I register late?
Voters must be registered in the state of Florida at least 29 days before an election to be eligible to vote in that election. However, pursuant to
97.055, F.S.
, an individual or accompanying family member who has been discharged or separated from the uniformed services or the U.S. Merchant Marine or has returned from a military deployment after the book closing date for an election and who is otherwise qualified, may register to vote in such election until 5 pm on the Friday before that election in the office of the supervisor of elections. You must produce sufficient documentation showing evidence of eligibility for late registration.
What are the Voting Residency Guidelines?
For uniformed service members and their dependents
: you must have or have had physical presence in Florida and the intent to remain in or make the state your home or domicile. You may only have one legal residence at a time. Consult your legal or JAG officer for more information on determining your
legal residency for voting purposes
.
For overseas citizens
: "legal state of residence" for voting purposes is the state you last resided immediately prior to your departure from the United States. This right extends to overseas citizens even though they may no longer own property or have other ties to their last state of residence and their intent to return to that state may be uncertain. Consult a voting assistance officer at the nearest embassy/consulate for more information.
What is FVAP?
The Federal Voting Assistance Program (FVAP) was created to implement the requirements of UOCAVA. FVAP provides direct voter assistance to military and overseas voters regardless of their location in the world. Voting assistance officers, assigned to units of military installations and at each U.S. embassy or consulate, have a copy of the
voting assistance guide
to assist uniformed and overseas citizens.
Any question that cannot be answered by a voting assistance officer should be directed to the federal voting assistance program at:
Federal Voting Assistance Program website
Email FVAP
FPCA and FWAB
printable forms
Questions? Please call 941.861.8618.
View All FAQs
/FAQ.aspx
Register to Vote
My Voter Record
Vote by Mail
Early Voting
Find my Precinct
Coming Elections
Sarasota Office
Terrace Building
2001 Adams Lane
Sarasota, FL 34237
Phone:
941.861.8600
Fax:
941.861.8609
Español:
833.912.1316
Venice Office
Robert L. Anderson Administration Center
4000 S. Tamiami Trail, Rm 1070
Venice, FL 34293
Phone:
941.861.3760
Fax:
941.861.3770
Español:
833.912.1316
North Port Office
North Port Village
14277 S Tamiami Trail
North Port, FL 34287
Phone:
941.423.9540
Fax:
941.423.9256
Español:
833.912.1316
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
/QuickLinks.aspx
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
