Precinct Voting | Alachua County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Supervisor
Voters
Elections
Campaigns
Election Workers
Outreach / Media
Search
Precinct Finder
Home
Voters
Precinct Voting
Precinct Voting
Voting at your polling place on Election Day is easy. Remember to bring valid picture and signature identification. For more information on the types of identification accepted at the polls, please visit the
Register to Vote or Update Registration page
. You can find the your assigned precinct by looking at your Voter Information Card or you can use our Precinct Finder below to locate your precinct and polling place. Remember to check our website prior to an election to be sure there are no changes to your polling place location.
Alachua County Precincts & Polling Places
By law, the Supervisor of Elections administers county-wide, state, and federal elections. By contract, it administers City of Gainesville elections. Some precincts are split between the City of Gainesville city limits and Alachua County. Those voters who reside within the city limits of split precincts are eligible to vote in city elections. Those voters who reside in the county portion of split precincts will only be eligible to vote in Countywide, State, and Federal elections, not City of Gainesville elections.
District Boundaries
For information on District Boundaries, including those for City of Gainesville Commission Districts, visit the
District Boundaries page
.
Please
enter
in
your
house
number
in the box and
just the street name
without directions in the street name box.
Once you enter in the street name, give the box a second and a small blue box will show an address; click the one that is yours, and it will load your precinct.
Alachua County Precincts
Register to Vote
My Registration Status
Vote-by-Mail
Early Voting
Where Do I Vote?
Upcoming Elections
Kim A. Barton, Supervisor of Elections, Alachua County
Josiah T. Walls Building • 515 North Main Street, Suite 300 • Gainesville, FL 32601
Hours
:
8:30 am to 5 pm, Monday through Friday
Phone:
352-374-5252
•
Fax:
352-374-5264 •
TDD:
352-374-5232
Toll-Free Spanish Hotline:
833-875-0365
Email Alachua County Elections
Email for Vote-by-Mail Information
Public Records Custodian:
Elections Information Technology Director Ewomazino "Zino" Ebiala
Submit a Public Records Request
Email Public Records Custodian
Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
Public Records
Notices
Subscribe to Our Monthly Newsletter
Election Results
/QuickLinks.aspx
Home
Contact Us
Accessibility
Site Map
Copyright Notices
/QuickLinks.aspx
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
