How Do I Register to Vote? | Lee County Elections, FL
Skip to Main Content
Search
Active Registered Voters:
Democrats:
Republicans:
Other:
Total:
Back to Home
Register to Vote
Vote By Mail
Update My Voter Record
Where Do I Vote
Check My Voter Record
Check My Voter Registration Status
How Do I Register to Vote?
Minority Language Requirements
Protected Information and Addresses
Reply to a Notice
Restoration of Voting Rights
Third Party Voter Registration
Update My Voter Registration Information
Voter's Guide
Home
Voter Resources
How Do I Register to Vote?
How Do I Register to Vote?
Online Voter Registration
Online Voter Registration
Any Florida resident who is eligible to vote or is already registered to vote in Florida may use the
Online Voter Registration (
OVR
) form
to submit an application or update an existing registration. An individual can also
use OVR
to prefill out an application form to print and deliver to the Supervisor of Elections' office.
Users will need a Florida driver's license or state identification (ID) card and the last four digits of their Social Security number to complete and submit the voter registration application electronically. The appropriate Supervisor of Elections office will issue a Voter Information Card after verifying a person's identity and determining that the application is complete.
Online Voter Registration
has multiple safeguards in place to verify and protect a person's identity and personal information.
Florida Voter Registration Application
Florida Voter Registration Application
If you prefer not to utilize
Online Voter Registration
, you may print out a blank Florida Voter Registration Application and return it in person at any of our
office locations
or
by mail
.
Print a Florida Voter Registration Application:
Florida Voter Registration Application (English PDF)
Florida Voter Registration Application (Spanish PDF)
College Students
College Students
If your "home" address is in Florida, you can register to vote at your dorm address using a Florida Voter Registration Application. However, since dorm rooms can change from semester to semester, we recommend that you register to vote using your "home" address.
If your "home" address is not in Florida, you can
register to vote in either your home state or in Florida
, but you cannot be registered in both locations.
Military and Overseas Residents
Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA)
U.S. citizens living outside the U.S., including U.S. service members and their families, can register to vote and request a Vote-by-Mail ballot by completing the Federal Post Card Application (
FPCA
). U.S. military family members, like everyone else, must meet U.S. voter eligibility requirements to register and request a ballot.
For more information, visit the website of the
Federal Voting Assistance Program (
FVAP
)
or the Military and Overseas Voters section of this site on
how to register to vote
.
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 2545, Fort Myers, FL 33902-2545
Phone (all offices):
239-533-8683
Hours (all offices): M - F, 8:30 am - 5:00 pm
Email:
[email protected]
Main Office
Melvin Morgan Constitutional Complex
2480 Thompson St, 3rd Floor
Fort Myers, FL 33901
Branch Offices
Bonita Springs
at Bonita Commons
25987 S Tamiami Trail, #105
Bonita Springs, FL 34134
Cape Coral
Commissioner John E. Manning
Government Complex
1039 SE 9th Ave
Cape Coral, FL 33990
Lee County Elections Center
South Fort Myers Branch Office
13180 S Cleveland Ave
Fort Myers, FL 33907
Lehigh Acres
East Lee County
Government Center
600 Homestead Rd S, #9
Lehigh Acres, FL 33974
Under Florida law, s. 668.6076, F.S., e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
