Military/Overseas Voters - Martin County
Skip to main content
Martin County
Martin County
Supervisor of Elections
Accessibility
Font Size Small
Font Size Medium
Font Size Large
Regular
Contrast
Text Only
Close Accessbility panel
Main Menu
Voter Information
Voter Information
Register to Vote
Update Your Registration
Update Your Signature
Check Your Voter Information
Vote by Mail
Replace Your Voter Information Card
Request Removal from Voter Rolls
Voting 101 – Voter’s Guide
Military/Overseas Voters
Voting Information for Students
Voters Needing Language Assistance
Identification Requirements
Political Parties
Voter Statistics
Voter Trends
Cybersecurity
Voter FAQs
Election Information
Election Information
Elections Integrity
Safe and Secure Elections
Elected Officials
Election Results
Notices of Elections
2026 Election Dates
2026 Qualified Candidates
Sample Ballots
2026 Election Preparation Report
Canvassing Board Notices
2026 Early Voting and
Secure Ballot Intake Station Locations
2026 Election Day Polling Locations
Precinct Maps
Election History
Election Statistics
Become an Election Worker
Adopt a Precinct
Candidate/Committee Information
Candidate/Committee Information
Committees
Documents & Forms
Reporting Schedules
Reporting Login
2026 Qualifying Information
Finance Reports/Candidate Documents
Political Signage
Candidate/Committee FAQs
Resources
Resources
Newsletters/Fiscal Year Report
Meet Your Supervisor
Office Contact Information
Office Tour / Speaker Request
Mission Statement
Public Records
Disability Resources
3 Ways to Vote
Student Links and Teacher Resources
Helpful Links
Calendar
Sitemap
Martin County
Supervisor of Elections
Military/Overseas Voters
Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA)
Registration
If you are a United States uniformed services member on active duty, a Merchant Marine member, spouse or dependent thereof, or a United States citizen residing outside of the United States, you can use the the
National mail-in application
or the
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
. You can also register online at
https://registertovoteflorida.gov/
.
Alternatively, you may still submit a request by phone, mail, fax, or e-mail to the Supervisor of Elections to receive a voter registration application be sent to you by mail, fax or email.
Late Registration
Provided you are qualified, you can register to vote after book closing if you have:
Been discharged or separated from the uniformed services of the U.S. Merchant Marine
Returned from a military deployment or activation, or
Separated from employment outside the territorial limits of the United States
Until 5:00 P.M. on the Friday prior to such election and you are otherwise qualified, you may register. Sufficient documentation showing evidence of qualifying for late registration will be required.
Vote by Mail
The FPCA can be used as a voter registration application, a request for an absentee ballot or both.
The FPCA request for an absentee ballot will be effective as a request to receive an absentee ballot for all elections occurring from the date you submitted your initial request through the end of the calendar year of the next regularly scheduled general election – referred to as a “standing request” for all elections for which you are eligible.
You may submit a request by phone, mail, fax, or e-mail to the Supervisor of Elections to receive a Vote by Mail Ballot.
Delivering Vote by Mail Ballots
No later than 45 days before each election, an absentee ballot shall be sent by the supervisor of elections to each absent uniformed services voter and to each overseas voter who has requested an absentee ballot.
If the ballot is to be mailed, the request must be received by the Supervisor no later than 6 days prior to an election.
Returning Vote by Mail Ballots
To ensure your ballot is counted:
Postmarked or dated no later than the date of the election.
It is RECEIVED by the Supervisor of Elections no later than 7 P.M. on Election Day or, exclusive to overseas voters, no later than 10 days after the presidential preference primary and general elections only.
Received by the Supervisor of Elections of the county in which you are registered to vote.
Follow the instructions for the Vote by Mail ballot carefully. Sign and date the ballot certificate.
Federal Write-In Ballot (Uniformed and Overseas Absentee Voting Act)
If you have not received your requested Vote by Mail (absentee) ballot – a
Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB)
can be used as an emergency back-up Vote by Mail (absentee) ballot. An absent uniformed services voter or an overseas voter may now use the FWAB in any federal, state, or local election, to include voting on judicial retention races and ballot measures.
State Write-In Ballot
State Write-In Ballots are only for general elections and the request must be submitted to your Supervisor of Elections between 180 days and 90 days (6 and 3 months) before the general election.
How to mark your choice on the ballot:
Write the candidates name or the name of the political party – the ballot will be counted for the candidate of the political party written, if there is such a party candidate on the ballot.
IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER
Notify the elections office of address changes so you don’t jeopardize your active voter registration status – email is the best way.
Ballots can be returned by fax, but not by email.  Access to faxed ballots in the elections office is extremely restricted and ballots are immediately placed in secrecy envelopes. Only the Voter’s Certificate, which must be signed and dated, is examined.
Military voters residing within the county in which they wish to register should use the Florida Voter Registration Application and indicate their military status, so the Supervisor may insure their UOCAVA status when they move out of the county but wish to maintain
voting residency.
Additional information for UOCAVA voters is available from the Federal Voting Assistance Program, toll-free 1-800-438-8683 or email
[email protected]
.
Facebook
Contact Us
135 SE Martin Luther King, Jr. Blvd
Stuart, FL 34994
P.O. Box 1257
Stuart, FL 34995
Phone 772.288.5637
Fax 772.288.5765
TTY 772.692.7320
Spanish - 833.912.1314
[email protected]
Helpful Links
Voting By Mail Information
Register to Vote
Update Your Registration
2026 Election Dates
Sitemap
MARTIN COUNTY SUPERVISOR OF ELECTIONS
Martin County Supervisor of Elections
2 days ago
Tracking your Vote-by-Mail ballot has never been easier!
Once you have signed up for BallotTrax alerts, you’ll receive text or email notifications when we mail, receive, and accept your ballot.
If your ballot is undeliverable, missing your signature, or the signature does not match the signature we have on record, you’ll be notified so you can make any required corrections.
Visit MartinVotes.gov, select BallotTrax, and sign up today for text or email ballot status updates.
1
View on Facebook
Martin County Supervisor of Elections
3 days ago
Staying connected with our community is at the heart of what we do.
The Martin County Elections Team has been visiting local nursing homes and assisted living facilities to help residents register to vote, update their voter information, and request Vote-by-Mail ballots.
We’re grateful for every opportunity to connect with voters of all ages, provide important election information, and help our community stay Election Ready.
#MartinVotes
#YourVoiceYourVote
#ElectionReady
+
2
21
1
1
View on Facebook
Martin County Supervisor of Elections
4 days ago
We were honored to welcome the Martin County Retired Educators to the Martin County Elections Center for an election update and guided tour.
Our team enjoyed providing a behind-the-scenes look at the election process and sharing how we serve Martin County voters every day. Thank you for visiting—we appreciate your years of service to Martin County students.
#OfficeTours
#MartinVotes
#MCEducators
+
1
16
1
View on Facebook
Martin County Supervisor of Elections is on
Facebook
,
Nextdoor
, and
Instagram
!
© 2026 • Martin, FL • Site powered by
SOE Software
